You don't have to lean up, I think you have to plan it up.
This was when we were at South of Ponce, and it was just the three of us kids for some time.
Then in 1920, Clarence was born, and then two years later in 1922, Kenneth was born.
But before they were born, we used to...
Bill had a little wagon, and it was made just like a regular farm wagon with bigger wheels in the back than it was in the front.
We'd go out and pull wild pea vines for the cow in the fly season, because you couldn't let your livestock out to eat.
There was mosquitoes at night and flies in the daytime, and you'd keep them shut in the barn, and we'd load that wagon up with pea vines.
That's vetch, wild vetch.
And the cow liked them, and she did good on them.
Later, Bill tore the wagon apart and made a cart out of the back wheels, but that didn't last. The wheels broke down.
And then he made a cart out of the front wheels, and hauled Clarence around in them when he was born.
Bill was going to make a cabin one time. Did I tell you this before?
About the lawn house?
Yeah, Buck and Tom.
I hope he won't quit with that again.
One time we were going to go down to see Bards. They lived down on the river, and we put Clarence in that little cart that Bill had made.
And the wheel was down that sandy road, and Lloyd Bard come by with his Model T Ford, and he stopped, and he said that the boys could ride with him.
So Bill and Georgie, they rode with him, and boy was I envious. I didn't get a car ride.
Where'd you?
I kept walking with my mother.
That wasn't fair.
And evidently it was a coop or something in one room for everybody.
Oh.
And we went on down there.
Sometime before that,
the cooks invited us down to their place for dinner.
And it must have been a special occasion of some kind. I don't know what it was, though.
Anyhow, I know they were going to butcher down there, and they'd give us some meat.
Maybe that's why we were down there. Maybe to help them butcher or something. I don't know.
Anyhow, there wasn't no bridge then going across the upper part of the Rapid River.
And I know we were going to the wagon or buggy, I'm not sure.
Anyhow, my mother wouldn't ride that much.
And Fred Cook had met us at the river there for some reason or another.
Or maybe he just happened to be there.
And he held my mother's hand and walked a log across the river.
It was kind of a part of a bridge, but part of the time you had to just walk a log.
I don't know why she wouldn't ride in a buggy, because we got a log on all night.
What about when you started school?
I didn't start school in Minnesota.
You didn't?
No. I never went to school in Minnesota.
Well, Bill would go to school. Did Bill go to school there then?
Bill went. And Georgie, Mrs. Bard, that was Floyd Bard's mother.
She evidently was a widow, because there was no man there any time.
And she wanted to start a school at Pilgrim Hall.
Or no, before there was even Pilgrim Hall, at her place.
Bard school she was going to have.
But she didn't have enough kids.
It was only her daughter, Alice, and one or two others.
I don't know how many kids you had to have.
Anyhow, she offered, if my dad would send Georgie, he was too young to go to school.
If he would let him go to school, she would board him free.
Just to have another pupil.
Well, it was right in her house.
So he'd live with him?
Yeah. And so Paul agreed, because that way they could get a school going down there.
And so Georgie went to school down there.
And he didn't last long.
The teacher sent him home, said he was too young to go to school,
but they still continued having school afterwards.
They let him keep going and paid the teacher.
And the teacher would come up there and get milk and butter from him.
Butter especially.
I'm not sure if he got milk.
I think he did.
Quite a little ways for him to walk to get milk though.
About four miles.
Every day?
Well, whenever he wanted it, I guess.
Anyhow, he sent Georgie home, because Georgie was too young to go to school.
And Georgie must have been before.
You must have been happy to get him home?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then Georgie, the only thing he learned at that school was,
Thumpkin says I dance, Thumpkin says I sing, and Thumpkin says I dance, pointers.
And Georgie, over and over and over, he told me that thing.
Thumpkin says I'll sing, and Thumpkin says I'll dance.
Pointer says I'll sing, pointer says I'll dance.
Tall man says I'll sing, tall man says I'll dance.
Why did he do that?
Ring man says I'll sing, ring man.
I don't know.
That's dumb anybody tried to teach me.
What was the point?
What was the point?
Oh, it was dumb.
And Georgie wouldn't let me go to sleep either.
It was at night.
He kept telling me that over and over.
Well, then he didn't go to school anymore until he went to Fonce.
I think he was only about five when he went to Fonce school.
And Bill would go, is this where Bill would light the fire at school?
No, he might have been six.
Light the fire at school?
He probably was six, yeah.
Well, Bill had gone to school before Clarence did.
I mean, before Georgie did.
And Bill used to board places.
It was too far for him to go.
He was pretty young and too far to go to school.
Or during the colder times.
When it was warmer, he didn't board.
Otherwise, he boarded.
Stayed with the teacher some of the time.
And had the Cornelius some of the time.
And churches some of the time.
And Peterson some of the time.
Hmm.
And they would, all they charged was what the county paid.
The county paid, or the state, $5 a month.
Because they didn't have any way to get to school otherwise.
They charged, give them that cash to be able to pay board or else to have somebody bring them to school.
Hmm.
Clarence got it when he got into school in later years.
You know, when he was up there.
Hmm.
That $5 a month.
Clarence says he should have had it because he did the walk a lot of the time.
And your parents would keep it?
Your dad would keep it?
Yeah, yeah.
They look forward to that $5 a month.
And, um, Clarence, one time it got real icy the road did.
Was Clarence or George a year ago?
Clarence.
Oh.
And he skated to school.
He made good times skating to school.
On the road?
On the road, yeah.
The road was that slippery.
It was so slippery a horse couldn't stand up on it.
He would slide around.
Huh.
And were you in school then?
No, I never went to school.
I had quit in Pennsylvania.
Oh, this was in Clarence when you were younger.
I was six when we left there, but not old enough to go to school.
See, I was just six after school would have been out.
Oh.
And then, uh, so I never did go to school in Minnesota.
Hmm.
Because I'd quit school in Pennsylvania after I was in high school, and I quit, and then
didn't go to school in Minnesota at all.
Now, did your family keep Christmas and everything?
Uh, no.
Vaguely.
Really?
Not very much.
Is it because they were poor or what?
No, they just didn't have any interest in Christmas.
They were kind of like me.
Was that the rest of the people up there were that way too?
Oh, they all did have some.
Oh, we'd go to the Christmas program at school.
So you didn't have presents and trees and all this, then?
Uh, no.
I don't think until we went to South Dakota.
I remember in South Dakota, they, they kind of kept Christmas.
Uh, you know, they gave us a peachy, an orange, and a cup and saucer.
Because they needed more things to eat and drink out of.
They were, that was our present.
Uh-huh.
But we couldn't ever claim them because they were just used until they got broken.
And they were kind of fancy.
They had a gold ring around the top.
And that orange sure tasted good.
That's the first orange I ever ate in my life.
Really?
Must be why you fell in love with orange in Florida.
Okay.
So then, did your parents get divorced in Minnesota or out in North Dakota?
No, South Dakota.
Oh, South Dakota.
So tell me about when you left Minnesota.
Well, um, before we left, my dad had sent away to Sears, I guess, or Montgomery Ward or Savage
or somebody like that, mail order outfit, and got bows and canvas for the wagon to make a covered wagon out of it.
They sold them in the catalog.
And my dad let us go along to town.
We went to town so seldom.
He went often, but we didn't get to go.
He'd haul timber to town.
That was what, like in the wintertime, he slayed, used a sleigh and hauled timber to town for different people.
And besides our own, he had a cutter cutting timber for us.
He, I, he, he cut very little, I think, himself, because he'd just drive the horses and, uh, he wasn't going to cut her any enough.
I remember afterwards, I used to cut three times as much as both of us had cut in the woods.
I could cut three cords a day of pulpwood.
With what kind of saw?
With a bow saw.
By yourself?
Yeah, by myself, later.
And when he and I was working together, we'd work all day and only cut a cord.
So he wasn't a cutter at all.
But we didn't have as good a saw, though.
I used a bow saw, where he had an old one-man saw.
And it would get down, and he didn't know how to sharpen the saw, and I didn't get it then.
But then I know he wasn't a cutter.
But anyhow, he would haul timber to town, so he'd be going to town quite a little bit, in the winter especially.
In the summertime, he's off working somewhere, usually.
And, uh, this time that he went to get them bows in the canvas, uh, he let us go to town with him.
And there was an all-day trip.
Okay, tell him his dad died last night.
Oh, boy, he didn't last night.
Yeah, I remember going to town, and I don't know if it was that time or one other time.
I think we only ever got to go to town twice, at least.
Anyhow, one time I saw a hobo up on a train, up on top of a boxcar.
I said, look at that guy on that train.
They said, that's a bum.
I said, I'm going to be a bum when I get big.
You look fun to you.
Yeah.
You know.
Well, I did do some hoboing later.
Um, going home from the, with these bows on the wagon, when we got to a rainy river, not, not rainy, winter road river, there wasn't no bridge there.
You just kind of forded the river.
Or at least if there was a bridge, it was a makeshift sort of a bridge.
Paul said there was a beaver over there, because there used to be a beaver dam there.
Later the government built a dam, but it only lasted one night, come a big rain, it washed out.
One night after they had finished it.
Ah, dumb things they've done.
Well, anyhow, I didn't see the beaver, because I know he said, there's a beaver over there.
We got home, and he put them bows and canvas on the wagon, and we got ready to go, and leave to go west to Dakota.
And, it was, it was, both, stuff was on the wagon for several days.
I guess he wasn't using the wagon.
He just got it ready to go, because it wasn't packed right away either.
Because later they had trunks and stuff in it until you had to ride on top of them.
They wasn't, you couldn't see the bed of the wagon anywhere.
It was all covered with stuff.
Why did he decide to go out there?
Well, it was harvest season, and he was going to go out there in North Dakota and work.
And then, from there we went on to Aberdeen, South Dakota, still with the covered wagon.
In North Dakota we lived in a house.
I guess there was a house somebody abandoned or something.
How long did it take you to get to North Dakota?
I don't know, about four or five days, I guess.
In a wagon?
Yeah.
Yeah, it was about a hundred miles going.
About twenty, twenty-five miles a day is all you can go.
And then from there you went on down to South Dakota in the common wagon too?
Yeah, after the harvest was over, he worked out there.
We didn't see too much of him, because he'd be following this fashion crew
where they worked every day.
And we went over where he was working one time, and we ate dinner there.
He wasn't using our horses at that time.
He usually used his own horses too, rent them out.
At that time he wasn't because my mother hooked up the horses to the wagon,
and we drove to the river where they were working, thrashing.
That's the Red River.
Do you remember anything about the trip out on the covered wagon where he camped or anything?
He set up a tent?
Yeah.
Yeah, he had a tent that he had bought.
It didn't have a floor in it.
It was just a little tent big enough for a bed.
It was about all the mound to it.
And then we'd all sleep in there.
No, it was fun at first, because the weather was nice.
But then we got our rain, and them fall rains weren't too good.
And one time Bill and I had to go to the toilet.
We got out to go, but by the time we got done going, the horses were quite a ways down the road,
and the road was so muddy that we couldn't walk on it, could it?
It'd pick up on our feet.
That's that gumbo.
And I told Bill, if we got over there in the field and walked, it wouldn't be muddy.
Bill says, well, we'd try it.
And so we got over in the field and stomped the mud off our feet and walked on the grass.
And I looked way down the head, about a half a mile, and the folks had turned into a farmer.
And I said, they're turning it off, because we didn't think we'd ever catch up with them.
Well, they turned into that farm, and I guess it was an excuse to water the horses, but it was about dinner time, so they invited us to eat.
I know we had a nice meal.
And the horses didn't like the water very good.
It was alkaline water, and they weren't used to it.
But they drank a little of it, and I didn't like it either.
But they drank it without any harmful effects.
Oh yeah, it's like a bitterish taste.
If you're not used to it, it'll make you have diarrhea, and it'll go right through you.
It seemed like we didn't have any bad effects from it.
And then did you stay there?
No, we just ate dinner and left again.
And went on.
And I think that night, we'd come to a place where there was a granary setting out in the field.
They used to do that.
They'd have a little building just to put grain in, so they wouldn't have to haul it a long ways.
And they'd put it in right from the field they were getting thrashing.
And there was barley in this bin.
And there was...
It wasn't new barley, I don't think.
It might have been, though.
I thought it was older barley from another year.
Anyhow, it had been raining and it was wet.
And my dad said, would you sleep right in on that barley?
And it wasn't...
It wasn't very much in there.
But it made a nice soft bed.
And they had fried some liver.
I guess them people must give it to us where we eat dinner.
At the farm? Oh.
Anyhow, they fried that liver.
I don't know how they got a fire going, but they must have had a fire outside to cook it on.
Couldn't have had a fire in there, that's sure.
And I remember I had my chunk of liver, and that was supper.
That was the only thing.
And I dropped this liver in the barley while I picked it up and brushed it off.
I didn't care too much for liver, any.
Anyhow, I ate it, because that's all there was to eat.
And one piece of liver, about three inches square.
And the cat had a cat with us, and she had kittens on the way.
This was after we were out there in Dakota.
On the way to South Dakota?
We lived in a house.
Oh.
And they put the cat, the kittens upstairs, in a basket.
And Clarence, he went upstairs there and he threw one of them kittens down the stairs.
Well, naturally it killed it.
Why did he do that?
I don't know why he would do something like that.
And so I guess it saved killing all of them, because they all had to go.
We didn't have any kittens with us, I guess.
We didn't call any kittens.
You couldn't give them away back then?
Oh, maybe you could have.
Maybe they did.
But I don't remember of having them any length of time.
I think that my dad killed them.
Hmm.
Well, then we got on.
When work got over there, and it got quite late in the fall, and one morning there was
snow.
This was in the tent.
This was after we'd left the house, I guess, in North Dakota.
And Georgie, pretty early in the morning, he raised up the side of the tent and stuck
his head out.
He says, it's snowing outside.
And sure enough, there was snow on the ground.
Well, from then on, that covered wagon business, it wasn't near as fun.
Well, what month was it?
September or something?
Or October.
I guess it.
Probably October.
They'd be still thrashing in September.
I bet it was cold.
They thrashed as late as they could do.
They had big grain fields.
Going out to North Dakota, the road was just two tracks right through a grain field.
And that was what's a highway now.
In them days, it was just a trail.
And the farmers, when they'd plant the grain, they'd let their drill.
Well, they'd plow the whole thing.
They'd plow the road up.
The road, too?
Oh, yeah.
Plow it up and plant the whole road.
Well, then when people would come along, they could still kind of tell where the road had been.
And they'd just break it out right across the grain field.
There was grain in the middle of the road, even.
You've got to be an old-timer to remember anything like that.
What road would that be?
Between where?
Highway 11.
Huh.
Going to North Dakota?
Yeah.
Huh.
And one time, we used to get off and run and stuff.
And one time, Georgie was showing us tricks.
And one trick, he'd get underneath the wagon and sit down.
I guess he'd hold onto the wagon and then just sit down the road.
And drag?
And then laugh when we'd go to where we could see him.
No, he wouldn't be dragging.
He'd just sit down the road and be looking back up at us.
And the wagon would go over him?
No, the road wagon, he'd leave the back part of the wagon.
Oh.
How would he get into there with the wagon going?
Oh, if the horses were walking, he could.
And I tried to duplicate that, but I never seen how he did it.
I don't know what you mean.
What would he do?
Would he go down the front part of the wagon?
No, right at the back end.
And he'd hang under.
They used to make wagons with a feed box on the back of the wagon.
So when you was off away from anywhere, you could put feed in the back of the wagon and
let the horses be tied to the wagon that way.
Mm-hmm.
And he'd just crawl under the wagon, you know, I mean, just holding on.
While it was going.
And then he'd let loose back there and we'd see him sitting in the road back there.
And he'd do that for fun.
And I thought that'd be fun to do that.
So I get up under the wagon, up in front of the back wheels.
See, I don't know how far George he went out, because we'd never seen him do it.
See, we'd be in the wagon.
And here I was up under that wagon.
And my dad had a chain tied to the wagon and looped down under the wagon.
It was on the reach of the wagon, this chain was.
He just put it there just to have a place to halt it.
Well, I got a straddle of that chain.
And I couldn't, couldn't, I was laying on it, but I couldn't balance on it.
So I was kind of running on all fours.
How old were you?
Six.
And if I'd have fell off that and got under a wheel, they wouldn't have had to hold me.
They could have dug a hole and buried me.
What were your parents doing while you were doing this?
They were in the wagon, they didn't know anything about it.
They were up front, maybe?
But anyhow, my dad had stopped for something.
And he happened to look under the wagon and he said, what are you doing under there?
Get out!
And you ride in the wagon from now on.
So I put a halt to that.
So I never did that no more.
It must have got pretty boring.
Well, when I got down into, near South Dakota, we begin to see corn wagons.
That was getting to be corn country where they raised quite a lot of corn.
And they'd haul that corn on the wagons to the market or somewhere or another because it'd be on the road or off the farms.
Wherever the farms was, farms was long ways apart.
And they'd lose corn off the wagons, air corn.
And we'd start gathering up that air corn.
We'd run and get it and put it in the wagon for the horses when we'd stop.
And so we had enough corn for them when we'd stop to feed them.
And, well, it was a little hard to do when you was running behind the wagon to get this corn
and then catch up to the wagon and the horses would be trotting.
So it was quite a run.
And some of the time we'd run, run, run and be wore out before we'd catch up to the wagon and get in and rest again.
He'd never stop and get you?
Well, he didn't know what we were doing, I guess.
You know, you don't see the back when you get the covered wagon.
Well, he didn't know you were picking up the corn?
Well, maybe he did.
But my legs were too short to be doing that.
That was a run.
I didn't start growing until I was 17.
Going on 17.
Then I began to grow when we were back to Minnesota.
I didn't get enough to eat.
Well, anyhow, we got down there to Aberdeen.
And my dad rented a house.
And we lived in that house just for a little while, not too awful long.
Then he got a railroad car to live in, a cook car.
Where on these work trains they have a cook car where they have a stove in it and stoves in it.
And they cook for the work crew that's working along the railroad tracks and stuff.
And he rented that from the—I suppose he rented it.
They put it on a siding for him.
Off the track?
Yeah.
And we lived in it.
How long?
Well, just the rest of that winter.
Because we hadn't lived in that first house very long, the one he rented.
And that was close to his work because he got a job for the railroad company.
That's the railroad tipple where they cold engines.
Then cold and watered the engines.
And while we were in that cook car, they had a—they moved us out one time.
And my mother and me was in the car at the time, the young kids.
I was in the car at the time, and they moved us, and so we got a train ride.
They moved us out and put some coal cars on that siding.
And also a snowplow.
A big rotary snowplow that they used on the railroad.
It has a big wheel that turns in the front and comes down near the track.
And it gouges with just a big hole in the track, big enough for the train to go through.
And it throws that snow clean out over the top out of there.
It's got a stack on top and out to where it blows it off alongside of the track.
They parked it there, too.
One night, my dad heard kids over there in a snowplow.
And they were making a racket, and my dad got out there and run them kids off of there.
Some of them was young men.
And he wasn't scared of people.
You know, they weren't just young kids.
And he ran them out of there.
And when they parked the coal alongside of us, that was pretty handy.
We had our own coal mine.
We never bought any coal while we were there because they had them coal cars parked there
for a while before they moved them.
And then we could pick up coal around the coal tip.
Let's see.
Was it called a tipple or a dock?
Coal dock.
I guess they called it a dock.
Tipple was at the mine where they had a big outfit.
to load railroad cars.
Then, in the spring, he rented a house not so awful far from there.
And we lived in that house the rest of the time we were there.
It was a shotgun house, along with about three rooms in a row.
Kind of like the trailer house is nowadays.
And we stayed there the rest of the time we were in South Dakota.
Does that get about run down?
Uh-uh.
Were you getting tired of the talking?
No.
It was okay living in the house.
We went to school from there.
We went to school from where we was in that railroad car.
I know we used to blow a whistle or something if it was too cold a weather to go to school.
And we'd listen to that whistle and once in a while we'd get a day off in the wintertime.
What would you do?
We wouldn't have to go to school.
One of the things we did was go sledding up at a place where there were cliffs.
A cliff.
It was probably, I don't know what made the thing, how it ended there, because there was
a flat prairie above it and then it went down a steep place.
And the kids would go down that cliff.
And for a little ways they were straight down.
They'd just slide their sled off and then go down and then hit that bottom of that place
and then go off.
And I had never done it.
I was scared to do it, but the other kids did it.
The older kids.
They'd slide down about six or eight feet straight down.
And then it went down.
And then it slanted.
It would have been fun to do it.
I wouldn't mind doing that now.
In the spring, there was a hollow right there by where this railroad car was.
Just out, almost out from the door from it, there was a pretty good ditch there.
And it had been dug out to get dirt to make the railroad great, I guess.
Anyhow, Bill told Georgie, if we had water in there, we'd have a swimming pool.
We could make a raft.
And Georgie fixed that up.
He went to the tipple and turned the water on.
It would run on down there into that ditch.
What water?
The water that they would use for water in the engines?
Engines.
Engines.
Georgie was smart.
He knew how to do stuff.
And so it put a lot of water in that ditch, about three feet deep or so.
Did it get caught?
No.
No.
Well, they discovered the water on.
They shot it off.
I remember Georgie invited some boys out there to see our raft that they had made.
Bill and Georgie made it.
And we'd go rafting on this ditch.
And the ditch was about twenty feet across.
And it had water all the way.
It must have been a pretty big faucet he turned on to run that much water in, to make up for
loss that's going to soak away into the ground and everything.
Anyhow, Georgie invited these kids out there to ride on the raft.
And Bill didn't want him to do that.
And Georgie was on the raft and he was shoving away.
The other kids wasn't them.
And Bill ran and jumped on the edge of that raft and the raft just scooted away from him.
And Bill fell in the water.
But he's mad.
That's all I'd remember about that.
Was Georgie on the raft?
Yeah, he was on the raft.
He didn't spill off.
And it's good because he could have drowned some way or another, got hurt or something.
The kids lived dangerously.
And later, after we lived in that house, there was a slough down there.
Beyond where the railroad is.
In the spring it had water in.
And Bill made a raft.
He'd pull us out.
The water wasn't very deep.
Pull us out to a little island.
And Bill wanted to catch pigeons.
And the pigeons used to go out to this island to eat gravel.
There was gravel out there.
Because there wasn't nothing else to eat.
So they needed gravel.
And Bill wanted to catch a pigeon.
And somebody told him, if you drill a hole in a kernel of corn and tie a string to it, then anchor the string, the pigeons will swallow the corn and then you can catch them that way.
And we tried it, but it didn't work.
Did they eat the corn?
They eat the corn.
But then they pulled it back out after they swallowed it.
And they tried to get away.
Yeah.
And it didn't work.
And one time we, Bill said he wanted to get pigeons so fast.
But we went to a barn where he thought there was pigeons in this barn.
Did he want them for pets or to eat?
Pets.
Pets.
Oh.
And he thought it would be nice to have pigeons.
And he and I went to this barn.
And all at once I heard a noise.
And it was wild geese flying over.
And listen to that.
I always liked wild geese.
I was a brother for a lot.
And for some reason or another, we got out of there right then.
And we thought, I guess, we're bothering that barn.
And we didn't know whose barn there was or any, or at least I didn't.
So we didn't, our pigeon catching business ended right then.
We never did get any pigeons.
Well, what else were we talking about?
Well, that's where you went to school, right?
Yeah, they had kindergarten there.
And they put me in kindergarten because I didn't have any kindergarten.
And in South Dakota they figured every kid should have kindergarten, even though I was
old enough for first grade.
Not smart enough, but it depends on what I was.
But they only made me go to kindergarten six months.
Or just half the term, not six months.
Because I was old enough for first grade.
So they took me out of kindergarten then.
Other kids, when they'd enter at five years old, they had to stay a whole year in kindergarten.
So they and I went in first grade and they had a graduation every six months.
It had A and B.
You'd go into B first and then you'd get an A.
And after I was in first grade, I think I was there three years.
Bologna.
In first grade.
You're so full of bologna.
Three graduations.
I guess.
I don't know how it ended up.
Anyhow, my dad figured I should go to summer school.
If I could have been that dumb, I'd better go to summer school.
So they put me in summer school.
And everybody else was out of school outside of the dumb ones of us.
We were in summer school.
Well, I didn't do no good because I failed the summer school.
Well, I was a dumb one.
What kind of stuff were they trying to teach you?
I don't know, but it was too complicated for me.
How come you probably didn't want to learn?
You'd sit and wish you were at home.
Yeah, yeah.
Do you remember any of the stuff, the poems or anything they tried to teach you then?
No.
I don't know.
They tried to teach us any poems.
Anyhow, I failed summer school.
But then the next term, I guess, I passed.
No, I didn't need it.
Second.
You were tired looking at you, huh?
Yeah, I must have passed.
Because when we got to Pennsylvania, then my mother divorced my dad.
And so he loaded us on the train.
And she got a pass to Pennsylvania.
Because he worked for the railroad to give us a free pass.
Now tell me about this divorce.
How come you went with your dad and not your mom?
Well, she couldn't have supported us.
Or what'd she do with herself?
We didn't have relief back in them days.
I know, but what'd she do?
I don't know.
She stayed there.
And she'd come down and meet us off and see us off on the train.
Cried.
She cried.
She did?
And Georgia cried.
Nobody else cried.
Florence and Kenneth.
Kenneth was just practically a baby thing.
Well, he would have been…
How come Georgie cried?
He liked her a lot more than everybody else.
He would have been born until three years old.
But he was just like a baby, yes.
Just a little kid.
They all needed a mom and daddy bonus.
But anyhow, we…
Let's see, is there anything else I should have said before?
What about the divorce?
Well, she got a divorce.
How come she decided that?
I think because she had another man inside.
She did?
Yeah.
Where'd she meet him?
There, in South Dakota.
How could she have possibly met him with all those kids and cooking and stuff?
Or did she do a lot of chasing off and doing things?
They got acquainted somewhere or another.
I don't know.
Maybe my dad introduced her to her.
Did she ever marry him?
He worked for the railroad too, I guess.
Yeah, she married afterwards.
She never had any more kids though?
No.
Well, the man she married had three kids.
Really?
Did you ever meet him?
Yeah.
Yeah.
