I have met a couple of boys that had run away from a reform school but I didn't know that at
the time. They said they had been working at a farm and quit and they were going to catch
a train to California and I tore that sandwich in two and give them half and I said you guys
can tear it up in half and half of that piece. I said I'm real hungry so I ate half of the sandwich.
Is that the last you saw of them? No. And I asked that retrainman about the train going out there
and going northwest and he told me the time it would be going and I believe he said that would
be the second train that would be pulling out and no third train. I know I didn't want to wait
till that train and I wanted to get rid of them boys because by that time I had found out that
they had to run away from the reform school and I wanted to be rid of them because I didn't want
to be blamed for them running away harboring a criminal and so the train was pulling out and
I said get on it there it goes. They got on us. Where was it going? I don't know. North it would be going north or northwest. Anyhow,
I got rid of them. Well then I got tired of waiting for that train that I wanted. Because that would run me to Minneapolis. The one I wanted. But it didn't matter to me. I just bought any train and it was okay. So I got on the next train after the kids got on that one. I got on the next one.
Here my train stopped somewhere or another. Here I heard talk and I looked and there was them boys walking along the track. Their train had stopped too. And they had some kind of jelly roll that somebody had given them. And they said,
it makes us sick. Did you want it? And I said, boy, yeah. And I ate that jelly roll. It makes you sick? It didn't make me sick. They weren't used to rich food. I was used to. My stomach didn't eat anything.
Maybe they just said that just to be nice and tried that. They gave me that rest of that jelly roll that they hadn't eaten when I ate it. And then they were getting on a different train. And I went on the train I was on.
They wanted to get one going straight west to California. They said where it was warmer. We can't stand the cold. They said they were going to California where it was warmer. And this Indian boy was from Texas. Apache. He was. And I never asked him what trouble we were in.
Maybe not too much. Well, anyhow, they got on their train. I trained when I was leaving for California. And I got on the one I was riding on. And it, I ended up in Omaha, Nebraska.
Well, where did it stop the first time that you saw the poison? Wait, no, that was the second train.
That was the second train. I got on the train. And it was going. And somewhere it stopped. I don't know where it was even.
Because a lot of times I never knew what time we were going through or anything.
And it stopped. And I had been laying in a flat car, a gondola, sleeping.
And when it stopped. And when it stopped, I thought it was the end of it. I didn't know where or why. You know, I was half asleep. And I got off the train and without the bag. I had laid it. I had under my head a toe.
No. Did you have money and stuff in it? No. Did you have money?
No, my money was on me. I had it with a baby on me. I got no dollars. No, I had other things go on.
Under what? I had a collection of Indian pennies. Indian head pennies.
Oh, yeah. Some bum, a hobo probably found it and spent it.
And just your clothes on? Yeah, my jacket. And you really had nothing?
No, I had my jacket on. Yeah, I had my jacket on. I got off. And I was waiting for a train to go or something. Or looking for another one that was going to go.
Yeah, I left my bag there. Boy, I shouldn't be absent-minded. I was half asleep to hear that train pulled out with my bag.
Did you realize the ass? Oh, yeah. Right away, I knew you asked. And when it pulled out, I wasn't close to it to get on it.
Well, anyway, I caught another one and it ended up in Omaha, Nebraska. And it was just a little bit after I got to Omaha,
and there was another one pulling out going to County Bluffs, Iowa. And then eventually it ended up at Sioux City.
And I rode that back to Sioux City and then caught another one to Wilmer,
Wilmer, Minnesota, from Sioux City. And I had lots of company from Omaha. Before that, I was alone.
Outside. Outside when I was visiting with them kids. Yeah, I bought a can of beans somewhere or another,
and a loaf of bread in Omaha. Council Bluffs. Council Bluffs, I think.
So what, you'd walk into town and get it? Well, it was a store right near one of it.
And I got up to Wilmer. Oh, on the train. This is kind of funny. Train from Sioux City.
There was a, a flat car there with a, it was real nice, warm weather.
Wait. No, that was before I got to Sioux City.
Omaha. Got on a flat car with a whole bunch of, whole bunch of hobos.
Alan. And it had a drag line on the, on a flat car. And we were riding on this flat car with this drag line.
And the railroad company there just seemed like they'd been lined with Opalus Road.
because nobody tried to keep out the same. And, uh, there was a man and his boy, and I assumed it'd be his boy,
who was riding this, and he was probably fifteen or sixteen years old.
And the boy was, riding on this flat car. And the old man was watching this.
And this boy, he climbed up into this drag line. Of course, I had, too. It looked like it's on the drag line.
While the train was going? Yeah. And, uh, and then the boy, he,
he came back down from there. And he, he laid on a track.
And the drag line track, you know, it was about that wide. Uh, there was no cleats on it. It was just food.
And, uh, he was laying on that track underneath the cab.
There was only about that much room above the track to hit the cab.
And he was laying under there. And this old man, he wanted to get off at Sioux City.
And he began to look for that boy. And he couldn't find him. And he was frantic.
Because he wanted to get off at Sioux City. And he brought up into this cab.
And they looked in there to see him. And he went there. And he'd come down there. And, oh, he was frantic.
He was dashing around there on his flat car.
So there weren't any signs on this car either?
No. And so he, he, we'd find it to him. And then he'd look under there and see.
How was he relieved to find you? Because he had no, he had no idea where he was.
Yeah, I liked his screen better than in my room's flat.
Are you ready?
Well, I got something to eat in Sioux City. There was a store near the track.
And then went on, um, caught another train. And there was a lot of paper in the track, in the car, in the boxcar.
And I pulled that paper off the walls and gathered a whole bunch up and made a bed out of it.
Boy, it was in a nice nest. It was springy and warm enough.
I rode that train into Wilmer, Minnesota.
And at Wilmer, we got there, oh, I got on that train and not.
Were you all by yourself?
Well, surely it didn't take till the next night to get there.
Were you all by yourself in the car?
Yeah.
It took, it must have been a local train because it took all day to get to Wilmer.
What did you eat?
Well, we got there in a pretty good time, I guess.
And, uh, I slept with a bunch of hoboes in a, in a car.
We got straw out of one car and put it in the other car.
I don't, there must have been twenty or twenty-five hoboes there sleeping in that car.
It was pretty warm without many people helping to warm it up.
And then the next morning caught a train up going north out of Wilmer.
And it, uh, there was, these hobos, most of them was headed for the potato fields.
And, uh, picked potatoes and got on this train and, uh, it stopped at, uh, Wapetus.
And ate, ate something there and dinged it and, uh...
What do you mean by that?
Thank you.
Go tell us about it.
Oh, let's don't go away from that.
No.
We went from store to store just asking for something.
Oh.
And we got enough that we, you know, between all of us that we could fill up.
Like what?
Make soup?
All I got was a loaf of bread.
Um, but the others had got fruit and stuff.
They were more talented.
Yeah, they were more used to being than me.
And, uh, well then another, oh, at the Wapetus, well, it wasn't Wapetus.
It was Breckenridge, Minnesota.
It's across the river from Wapetus to North Dakota.
And that's where the Red River starts.
The Red River and the Bois-de-Sue starts right there.
The Bois-de-Sue goes south and the Red River goes north.
It's, the Otter Tail River flows in there.
It's, uh, kind of an unusual situation.
And out on some driftwood was a big shell of a turtle.
Snappin' turtle.
It surely wasn't an alligator snapper that snapper that far north.
But it could have been.
The shell looked to be two feet long.
And it, uh, up till that time, that was the biggest turtle I'd ever seen.
But there was just a shell on it.
Well, then we went, there was a train stopped and we were heading north, on north.
And, uh, it got night.
It must have been in slow trains.
Because we were about noon or a little after at the Breckenridge.
Anyhow, it got night and, uh, I was riding in the car with a couple or three other guys.
And, uh, the one guy, he was an experienced hobo.
And he had a sash cord that he tied onto the door handle and pulled the, pulled the door shut.
So that they couldn't, it couldn't, they pulled the lock in.
Had the lock, had that turned around so we couldn't get locked in the car.
But anyhow, this one guy, we'd been riding along and sleeping.
And this one guy wanted off.
Uh, he had a bedroll.
Most bums didn't have bedrolls with him.
But that guy did.
He was kind of a foreign sort of a fellow.
He wanted out.
He figured it was his, his station where he wanted to get off, where the train would stop.
He, he couldn't get the door open.
Well, I, I get up and went, try to help him get the door open.
And I couldn't.
I was scared to break his sash cord.
Because there's only a sash cord in there.
We can, you know, a lot of times.
Well, I woke the other, hold it up and put the sash cord on.
And I said, that fellow wants to get out and we can't open the door.
So he get up and he, he wasn't scared to break the rope.
He pulled it open.
I probably could have too, only I was scared of breaking the rope and I didn't want to break the rope.
And, uh, let that guy get off.
And then we went on.
We come to, uh, Potato Fields, where he was, he, this other, this hopo was going to get off.
He, you know, there was only just the three of us in a car.
Because he wanted to get off there.
So he got off.
And I rode on to Steven, Minnesota.
And, and, and I, I got off there.
That was the closest to Williams that I could get.
And I started hitchhiking and I got rides to Williams.
And one, boy, it was a terrific place.
A guy, he picked me up with an old truck.
Two guys, you know.
And they were both smoking.
They had a big old bag, a box of, of cigarettes.
They must have been rolled, they must have rolled them at home.
Because they had them in a box and they'd be both smoking.
Boy, they about smoked me to death.
Just getting to Rosa.
Yeah, I got, I got in Rosa with them.
And that was as far as they were going.
Oh, the guy.
Then I got another ride with the guy.
I don't know where he was going, but he was, he was driving along.
And he picked me up.
Real nice guy.
He was a small one.
Got into Williams.
I don't know whether that, I think I thought I was going to Rosa.
Anyhow, I got into Williams and, uh, it was, uh, the guys were out there and I see Matt Austin.
And he was going to go home.
And so I got a ride with him on there.
And he offered me a job.
And I said, uh, no, I think I've been going on down to Spina's.
Probably worked for them.
Well, he said, if you wanted a job, come back over and I'll give you a job.
And cut the cedar up, leave.
Well, I, I started walking on down from where he left me off.
That had been about five and a half miles to Spina's.
Got down to the river and stopped, took my clothes off and went in and washed up.
Water was cold.
Of course it was cold in the summertime.
And, uh, washed up and walked on down to Spina's.
And they were digging carrots out in the garden.
And I went out there and helped them dig carrots.
And boy, they had a lot of fun.
And Mrs. Spina said they got a lot of iron in them.
And they were good for people.
And I said, what are you doing all these days?
Well, they were glad to see me.
And she said, we got a letter from your dad.
He was wondering where you were.
He was wondering if we knew anything about him.
About him.
Well, I, uh, I guess, I don't know.
I don't think he should be there.
See, um, it wasn't too awful long.
And Jim Denton wanted me to help.
At the sawmill.
So, I went up there and started working for Denton.
And he said, I got a letter from your dad.
He wanted to know where you were.
He went back and said, I finally located him.
Yeah, I was working for him.
Crazy.
He didn't want to say I was working for him, but I finally located him.
Kind of like locating the homesteads, you know, for people.
Do you work for him in the sawmill?
Yeah, I worked here in the sawmill until it got too cold to work.
And we saw a run crooked in the frozen logs and he said, let's punch it, he said.
And, uh, we just, uh, quit and I went back down to Spinas to work for them.
So, while I was working for Ralph Denton, occasionally I'd go down to see Bill Walrus.
He was a bachelor that lived off down in the swamp.
I mean swamp.
Spruce swamp.
And, uh, I had been, I'd been going down to see him while I used to go to see him when we lived up there before.
And then when I was at Spinas, I'd go over and see him.
And he was always glad to see me and he lived alone.
And, um, it was good for him to have company because he didn't have much company.
He was an ex-hobo, wasn't he?
He was an ex-hobo.
He had been on the road for 40 years.
And I said, don't you get kind of lonesome to go on the road.
He said, isn't it kind of a habit that you can't break easy?
Oh, no, no.
He said, it's good to hear that rain on the roof instead of, instead of on my head.
And here, the last time I went to see him, I went down there.
He had the door locked on the inside.
It was a night when I got there.
It was already just about dark when I got to this place.
And, uh, I, uh, hollered and hollered and no answer.
Finally, I pushed the door open.
It just had a button on the inside of the door.
Here I went in and there was water on the floor.
He had dug down this house and had it dug down in the ground about a foot.
And it was in the spring of the year.
And the water had, the snow had been melting and it just had to come up.
That was, the shack was a well, that was all.
And, uh, I went in there and here he was laying on the bed dead and he shot himself.
Boy, that bothered me.
I wanted to make sure.
I figured he must be dead.
And I wanted to make sure.
And, I, I had some matches in my pocket and they went light.
And I hunted around in the shackle.
I found these matches and I lit a match and looked at him.
And boy, he bothered me for a long time after that.
I went out, out from there and I locked up the door again with something that turned the button inside the door again.
And waded back out of there because the water was about a foot deep getting into this place.
And, uh, through the swamp.
Got up to Denton's and, uh, Ralph Denton said, uh, uh, I told him, I told him that Bill was dead.
So, we got in his truck and he took me up to the post office store and post office.
And we called the sheriff there and he said he and, uh, excuse me.
What do you think they call him?
Sheriff and, uh, coroner would come out the next day.
He said, you did lock the door again, did you?
Yeah, I shut the door.
And, uh, so they did come out the next day.
That was on a Friday night.
The next day they came out and got us, dropped it and I went along with them.
They went down in there and they looked it over and, uh, there wasn't nothin' to it.
It was a plain case of suicide, I guess, according to them.
But somebody could have done it, but not like it.
And, uh, they locked the door on the inside.
And, uh, they tied him up in a blanket and we made a stretcher.
A stretcher and the four of us carried him out.
We didn't get nothin' for doin' all this to help carry him out.
But I asked, uh, the sheriff about the coroner, I don't know which one it was,
uh, about the .22 rifle he had.
Yeah, you could buy it.
And they should've given it to him, to me for helpin' get him out of there.
But anyhow, I, he didn't say how much or anything then.
And later he come down there and he said, well, about that rifle.
And, uh, he, he put a price on it.
But I, I thought, no, that, I only pay so much.
Well, okay, he said.
I don't remember what I got it for now.
He said.
Later that gun was, got to shootin' twice.
He pulled the trigger and bang bang it'd go.
It was goin' auto-loading.
And it shouldn't have.
But, later I discovered what was the matter with it.
But it happened by itself.
I don't know why, how, something could get that way.
All I needed to do was put a piece of cardboard under a thing in there and it stopped that.
It, evidently, got kind of sprung or something and caused him to do that.
I don't know what ever happened to the gun.
I guess I sold it to somebody or something.
Why did that guy tell him?
He got despondent, I guess, uh, so that he knew he'd have to leave there.
He had signed up for a homestead exemption.
I mean, a homestead on the place.
And paid a, paid a filing fee for it.
But they wouldn't give it to him.
They didn't give his filing fee back.
But they didn't charge him for what timber he was taking off of either, though.
He'd been cuttin' to quite a little bit of timber on it.
Uh, there was some big spruce in there.
That was the biggest spruce trees that I'd seen in that country.
Uh, they had yellow bark different than the other spruce.
And, uh, some of them was two foot or more through.
And other spruce trees didn't get that thing.
Uh, see, it was, uh, just a little island of them.
Here I am motioning with my hand.
It was just a little island in this swamp of that big timber like that.
And it, other people didn't know about it.
There was brush around there and small trees.
And they didn't know about them big spruce.
Otherwise they had been stolen years before.
Hmm.
I saw some...
Ralph Denton saw them.
I saw some trees like that before.
They were yellow and they were a different color?
Art Harris, uh, uh, skidded, uh, hauled them in logs for him.
He was hauling, and then he was staying there with Bill.
And, uh, one morning he got in his argument.
Maybe they'd been arguing at night.
I don't know when.
You know, early in the morning they were arguing away.
And Bill was telling me this.
Uh, he said, uh, he was going to throw Art out of the shack.
And he said he went and opened the door first.
But Art thought he was going for a gun or something.
Yeah.
And he was, Art was scared of him.
And he, uh, he opened the door and then went back over toward Art and Art says,
I'll get out of here.
So he left.
And then he wouldn't stay overnight with him.
He says, I ain't gonna stay overnight with a crazy man like that.
He still hauled, he still hauled timber for him, but he wouldn't stay there overnight.
He got to stand up at Denton's that night.
And then he'd go down there in the morning and haul a load out.
Or maybe two loads a day.
I don't know how many loads he hauled a day.
How many loads.
Did Bill and Robert cut all of them?
Yeah.
There was still some more, but, well, I don't know if they were big anymore.
Maybe he'd cut the big ones first.
I don't know.
Uh, he said there was more to cut.
But, uh, it comes spring in the Arctic Hall.
And, uh, cause you could, snow was going to.
And, Bill hadn't planned on a suicide at all.
He had laid in grub while still was frozen up, you know, before the breakup come.
He'd hauled taking quite a lot of groceries down for the summer.
And, uh, he had, uh, put screen on his shack.
And, to keep the scooters up, because all of that would have messed the scooters up.
And, so, he had really planned it.
He knew he was going to have to move out of there.
And, uh, he, I mean, that was what bothered him.
You mean the rehab?
Maybe?
Yeah, they were making that a state forest.
And, or, it was government at that time.
But, they did make it a state forest afterwards.
Bill said he buried some money down there.
In a baking powder can.
And, later, forgot where he put it, and he couldn't find it.
What's the look for?
Art Bixby got, bought all that, what he had in there, for $10.
See, he got more than $10 worth of groceries.
And, lots of clothes.
Old Bill bought nice clothes.
We're in wool clothes.
Really?
Got a lot of clothes.
Forty-82 gun that he had shot himself with.
And, uh, cartridges, quite a lot of cartridges there.
Art offered him, offered the coroner, uh, $10, and the guy took it, and Art hauled it home.
Later, about all that stuff burned up.
Uh, when Harry Denton's house burned down, Art Bixby and his family was living in Harry Denton's house, and it burned down.
I guess the twins burned it down.
Uh, they had light and light in some room where there was a lot of paper, and that's what Bill told me, that they had, they had burned it down.
Anyhow, everything burned up.
You know, everything they had burned up, Art Bixby had.
Uh, I asked Lattice one time about books.
Bill had sent away and got books from the government.
They don't need the heat.
They ain't using that light.
Turn on that, I don't know if you need it.
And, uh, he, he had, he planned on going gold mining in Alaska.
And he wrote to the government to find out where the gold was, that they knew that there was gold located.
And this was in books that he had bought.
He bought different books, but he finally got the one he wanted.
I don't know what, how he knew anything about any certain books.
So, anyhow, he and I had planned on going to Alaska in the spring.
Uh, he was going to finance it, but I'd, but I would get half of what we found anyhow, half the gold.
He agreed to that.
And, uh, that canceled, he's shooting himself, canceled our plans.
Oh, that was the guy that was going to go to Alaska.
Yeah.
Huh.
Well, then when Denton's, uh, we sawed more in the spring.
And I cut logs for Ralph Denton.
We, to get money ahead to go to North Carolina.
And, uh, Ralph, uh, had gone down there earlier.
He built a house on the truck.
And he and Charlie Healy and, and old Gus Nearing, an old German that worked for Ralph Denton.
Right, right.
Uh, and Evelyn, he picked Evelyn up at the college in, uh, or the academy in Wisconsin and took her along.
And they went to North Carolina to see about buying land.
The old Charlie, he didn't buy none.
He didn't have no money anyhow.
He hadn't sold his place.
And, and old Gus said, oh, he was going to go back and buy a piece of land, but he never did either.
But anyhow, Ralph Denton made arrangements to buy the land and he was going to swap his truck on it.
What land?
In North Carolina?
Twenty acres he bought later in North Carolina, yeah.
Where at in North Carolina?
That's down in the Green Swamp.
And, uh, he, he went down there and while he was there, he asked me if I would stay there with Grace and Grandma Holt and the kids,
till he come back to look after them.
So, I did and I cut logs for him while I was doing that.
And, uh, oh, while I was there, the girls, they used to dump ashes in the toilet.
And here they had a pail of ashes out there and the girls was out there and, um, the girls was real small then.
And they dumped some of them ashes in the toilet.
They were hot ashes.
I was in the bunkhouse there and I heard something roar and I went out and here the toilet was hung, burned up, burning up.
It made a roar.
It really burned good.
And, uh, they, uh, they were without a toilet.
Well, Andy Brown, he, Ralph Denton had hired him to saw for him after Ralph had lost his eye.
He lost his eye and saw me like something flew and hit him in the eye.
He hired Andy Brown to do the sawing and they were sawing out big white pine.
There, this was before I worked for him.
My dad helped cut and haul in white pine.
It was the biggest white pine, last biggest white pine stand there was there in Minnesota, as far as I know of in that northern part.
There was logs there that was four foot through and you couldn't tell which end was the top.
You looked at, I mean, you might have, if you measured, but just to look at it, you couldn't tell.
They were just like a pencil.
How long was it?
Sixteen foot.
Sixteen foot.
And, uh, that would have been the second log.
The first log probably was five foot through.
They were big logs.
And it was a hundred thousand feet of them, about that.
And, uh, Andy had moved away.
This was after they were done sawing them white pine logs.
And Andy had moved the shack away that he and Mabel, his wife, had stayed in.
Who was Andy?
Andy Brown.
He was old Bob Brown's son.
Old Bob Brown had a sawmill over at Highwood area.
Uh, he was an old timer in that country, the Browns.
And, uh, he had moved the shack away but left the toilet.
So, Ralph Denton had an old trailer there that he'd used to haul lumber on, and it was a real
wide thing with hard tires and old-fashioned thing.
Uh, I went down and I got that trailer and I hooked it onto the car and I hauled that
toilet up and set it up to place.
That was my first house-moving job in my life.
Moving that toilet, I thought I was really doing something.
And, uh, I've moved houses since.
Big and heavy ones.
But that was the first house-moving job.
If you don't count the toilet in North Carolina, I, uh, well, that would have been the first remaining.
I bought a toilet in North Carolina and I nailed two two-by-fours on it.
And, uh, this was after I moved to North Carolina and married.
And I bought a toilet and, uh, what did I pay for this?
Two dollars or so.
Big toilet?
Yeah.
A well-made toilet.
And, uh, I, uh, could only haul it on the trailer as far as Denton's because there was no road.
And I took two two-by-fours and nailed them onto the toilet to make things to hold onto.
And I had Evelyn make a cake.
And I invited kids to come down there, big kids, to help me move that toilet.
Well, we started along and these kids were stumbling along.
And one of them was, uh, Thompson kids was there.
Julian and Warren both had crippled feet and they couldn't walk good anyhow.
They were stumbling along and finally broke a handle off the thing.
They were sticking out.
The two-by-four broke.
And I said, let it sit there.
I'll get it home.
Well, I rolled that on rollers for eighth of a mile, I guess.
Uh, quite a little ways to get it down there to our place to set it up.
It was probably rotted up a long time ago now.
But it was pretty nice to have a toilet.
It was cheaper than building one.
But that was after you were married?
Yeah.
Well, you haven't gotten to that point yet.
Oh.
Well, grabbed it and told me I could buy five acres from him.
Now, wait.
You went to Wisconsin.
He went to Wisconsin and picked Evelyn up from us.
Yeah.
And he left her down there at that school.
Where?
In North Carolina?
Well, they called it the Waccamaw Institute.
In Wisconsin?
Kids called it Workamaw.
In Wisconsin?
No.
That was in the Green Swamp.
Oh, okay.
He took her down to school and put her in school there?
Yeah.
How old was she?
She wanted to stay.
Uh, she was 16 or 17.
Where'd she stay?
Probably 16, yeah.
At the school?
She stayed at school.
It was a boarding school.
And then you weren't down there yet?
No, no.
We were all down there.
Well, they called it the Waccamaw Institute.
They called it the Waccamaw Institute.
In Wisconsin?
And then you weren't down there yet?
No, no.
We all went down there later.
After Ralph didn't come back, he took that house off the truck and used the truck again,
of course.
And then he told me to put that house on the trailer that he had there.
This house didn't have a floor.
So I built a floor on the trailer for, to use.
And this trailer was a truck rear end.
It was big wheels, 920 tires on it.
And he said, put that in that house and we'll pull that with the car.
Oh, he had bought a car, too.
He had a 32 Chevy that he didn't think was good enough to drive to North Carolina.
I thought it would.
You know, I told him I thought it would, but no, he didn't want to trust it.
And, uh, it was pretty well worn out.
We did have trouble with it from time to time.
Because I'd drive it to town and stuff and we'd drive it around.
That was the first drive that I had done, too, when I went for Ralph Denton.
My dad would never let me drive in Indiana.
Well, occasionally I'd back it out of the garage and put it in.
But he wouldn't let me drive it on the road.
And, of course, I wasn't licensed.
All you had to do was go pay your $0.35.
Well, in Minnesota they were $0.35 for the first one and $0.10 for each additional member of the family.
To get their license.
And there wasn't nothing about it.
Nobody had no questions to ask.
And you just sell them to you.
You didn't know how many?
Deirdall sold them in Williams.
Didn't care how old they were.
No, no chess or anything?
No.
Now, had you, you had met Evelyn before, right?
Yeah.
By then?
Well, she was a girl and she used to come up to our place and stuff and we'd see her until she went to school.
Well, she went to school while I was working for Sweeney.
I wasn't working for Denton at that time.
To Highlanddale.
He'd send her to Highlanddale.
So, by the time he stopped to pick her up there and took her to North Carolina, she wasn't your girlfriend yet then, was she?
No.
No?
Okay.
And, um...
He told you he'd sell you five acres?
Yeah.
When was that?
Well, that was the fall of 37.
So, she wasn't your girlfriend yet then?
No.
Okay.
This was...
Lester was born...
See, they just had the two kids.
And then Lester, who was born in Minnesota...
And that was Evelyn's half-brother?
Yeah.
And, uh...
Ralph didn't...
I don't know whether I had already been asleep, but it was that night.
Anyhow, he'd come into the bunkhouse and told me, would I go get Mrs. Beebe.
Mrs. Dorothy Beebe's mother.
She was a midwife.
That's North Carolina, right?
Yeah.
So, um...
I...
I took the truck and I went and got her.
And, way in the night, I don't know what time it was or anything.
And, uh...
I woke Beebe's up.
I had an awful job waking them up.
Oh, there was an awful road getting into the...
I made it through without getting stuck.
There wasn't no rack on the truck then.
You had a fifth wheel...
Well, it was...
It was kind of homemade fifth wheel on it to pull a semi.
Was it on the north of the house or something?
Yeah.
And, uh...
It was about a half a mile on this real bad road.
I made it into the house and then I had an awful job getting them up.
Hollering, hollering, hollering, hollering.
Finally, Beebe got up and I told him that the Dentons needed his wife to come down there and deliver the baby.
And, uh...
So, she got around and got ready and got her in the truck.
And, uh...
Beebe says, better go out the north way.
And...
So, we...
She told me how to get through the barnyard and...
There was a better road going that way.
Get through the barnyard and go out north from their house instead of the way I had come in.
And...
So, we got back down there and...
It wasn't until sometime in the next morning.
Probably...
10, 11, 12 o'clock.
I don't know when it was.
The Lester was born.
He was a big, big...
Big head.
And, uh...
I tried to amuse the kids.
Took them outside and...
What kids?
Uh...
Met...
Well, I mean...
Mildred and Joyce.
And, uh...
I, uh...
I'd...
I'd take them for walks and stuff and...
They were...
Wanted to go back in the house.
But, I told him, no.
Well...
You walked with me and finally Mildred...
I saw them not where they were going.
But, I forgot my�데...
They were, under their hands.
I never would like him.
Can you decide to trust your own정도?
I had to go back in the house.
That's all thanks.
What else?
I can look up at you.
I was going out.
And you'd spend the house...
I see for young.
They were like um...
Yeah, my botanical Charm祝ers.
In my book.
I know.
Of course.
The...
The Wasp Madness.
If the field was as it.
He was constructed or changed
But I couldn't go back in.
Well...
The method was değiş거를.
Trust me.
You
You
