Yeah, we cleaned up that kettle and Bill started another kettle and he says,
now don't you burn them beans. Well, I did. I burned them beans too. Bill, about time Bill
come home back again to the house, he discovered I had burned them. He says,
you're going to have to eat them and he loaded them in my pocket and it was pretty handy. I had,
I could eat pretty good then. I had them parched beans and just going out eating them parched beans
and we started another kettle and I burned them the same way but it wasn't burned as bad and it
was getting too late in the day to start another batch so we just put more water in them and went
ahead and cooked them and we ate them. But what would you eat for lunch usually? Nothing?
At one time Bill was eating a sandwich and Clarkson and I seen him eating a sandwich and I said,
what you got? Bologna. He said, no apple. Apple sandwich is pretty good but it was bologna.
Where did he get blind? I guess they bought it. And he didn't let you have any? No, no. And we,
so Clarence and I went out in the orchard and there was an orchard at that place too over on the other
hill. And we, we got red apples and sliced them up and made sandwiches and stuff. Pretty good. One time Bill
thought it would be fun to roll hoops down the wagon tires down the hill and there was a real steep hill
right just up in the creek. And he and I, we'd take the wheels. He had one and I had one. It was just the
rim. And we'd roll them up the hill and they were too heavy to carry up and it was real steep. And we'd roll
them hoops down that hill. And that was fun. Watch them hoops go bounding down the hill and they'd jump
the creek. When they got to the creek they just jumped across the creek and onto the other side and then
they'd stop after a ways. That was fun doing that. Lucky nobody got in the way. Yeah. One time, you know,
things were getting in their way. Clarence was in the way one time. Bill and I thought we'd roll a great big
log up the hill. Not that same hill, but this was a different hill. The log was about a foot two. And we had
sticks to roll it with. And we rolled and rolled and rolled. And Bill said, use that canthook. It was not a canthook. It was just a pole to roll with.
And Clarence was pushing on the log in the middle. Bill and I was on each end of it.
That log got away from us and rolled. It ain't funny. They rolled over him. Is he okay? Yeah, I just heard him. Did he start bawling? I don't remember if he bawled or not. No, I don't think so because he thought he did the wrong thing.
He didn't want to play with me. Or something. And it was funny. You didn't want to play with him. Would you start bawling? I don't remember if he bawled or not? No, I don't think so because he thought he did the wrong thing. He didn't want to play with him or something.
It was grassy there, the ground wasn't soft, so it didn't push him down, it just rolled
over him.
Yeah, I know where we got it, all the unsupervised activities.
Hellbunk flying in the jungle.
Well, we were at Turkey Town, Bill decided to make a pie, the elderberry pie.
So we went out and we picked and cleaned the elderberries, and all you need to do to clean
them is just pull them off the stems, and he made a real thick pie, about an inch and
half thick.
And they're sour, anyway?
Oh yeah, it's kind of bitterish.
Some is poison, I think, even, but I never heard of anybody dying from them, but some ain't
edible.
Anyhow, I don't know if they're moist or not, anyhow, we've got these berries ready and he
made up crust.
What did he know about making a crust?
Well, I don't think he did.
It was pretty tough.
It wasn't flaky.
Water and flour, I suppose.
But anyhow, Paul came along and said, who made the pies?
He made two of them.
Or maybe it's only one.
If it had been two, there had been some of it left yet.
Some of it left, yeah.
But Paul came over, he says, who made the pie?
And Bill says, I did.
And Paul, he tried it for dessert.
I don't remember what we had to eat, I suppose, beans.
And he said, well, I don't remember what we had to eat, I suppose, beans.
And he said, well, I don't remember what we had to eat.
And he said, well, I don't remember what we had to eat, I suppose, beans.
And he said, well, I don't remember what we had to eat.
And he said, oh, I don't remember what I'm talking about.
And I say, oh, you're joking.
And if it had been two, there had been some of it left yet.
Some of it left, yeah.
But, uh, Paul came over, he says, who made the pie?
And Bill says, I did.
And Paul, he tried it after for dessert.
I don't remember what we had to eat, I suppose, beans.
L-
He took a pretty good wedge of it and put it on his plate and he put some sugar on it and milk on it.
Did he complain?
No, he didn't. And Bill wouldn't let Florence and I put sugar on it.
You mean he bossed you around even when your dad was there?
You know, he told us that ahead of time, yes.
We were learning to keep our mouth shut and not bother saying, do like he wanted to.
Why?
He was pretty good.
He could whip up on you?
He was our taskmaster at the time.
Why? What did he do? How did he make you obey so well?
One time they were going to build a road, a concrete road, and they decided they needed a lot of water and they dammed up another creek farther over from where we lived.
Actually, that same creek might have wound around the hill and got on the other side because you had to go over a hill to get to that other creek.
But I don't, no, it couldn't have been.
It was a different creek altogether because one went one way and one went the other.
No, they both went the same way.
But, yeah, that could have flowed in farther down.
Anyhow, this road contractor built a dam back there.
And it was a good-sized dam.
I guess it was just a dirt dam where they'd take scoops and we didn't see them doing it.
We didn't know it was done until afterwards.
And then we'd go back there to swim.
Bill says swim.
I couldn't swim.
And Bill could.
And it was pretty deep.
And Bill was wondering just how deep it was.
So he got a long pole.
And he had me hold on to the end of that pole.
And then he started pushing me down.
This was from the breast of the dam.
I turned loose and fortunately I got back up.
I guess I think I climbed back up the pole.
Because I couldn't swim or nothing.
But he'd got me down about eight feet before I let it turn loose and get back up out of there.
He was, you know, a good experience.
Was he mad at you?
No, no, no.
He just wanted to know how deep it was.
But he could have told that by having me down to the bottom.
Oh, my ego.
And then another time he was going to teach me to swim underwater.
And we got in there where it wasn't too deep.
And he held me down underwater.
He says, kick your hands and feet.
I could hear him hollering at me.
Kick your hands and feet.
And I kicked my hands and feet.
And struggled and tried to get away from him.
And he just bogged out of me.
Well, you can't swim with somebody hanging on to you either.
But I didn't get, he could swim underwater.
But I didn't learn to swim underwater until I went swimming without him.
He'd take me swimming until I was scared to go near the water with him.
So I didn't swim.
But when I started going by myself, I learned to swim.
How much older than you was he?
Five years.
Oh, he was quite a bit bigger than you then.
Yeah, five years.
And I didn't learn to swim until I was 14 years old.
Well, I guess so.
You were probably scared to death of the water.
Well, I wasn't scared of the water.
I was scared of him.
Because he'd go everywhere.
When we'd go swimming, I'd always be with him.
He used to take Clarence by the heels.
It was just one time.
No.
It was one session.
It was more than one time.
Clarence wouldn't complain.
Didn't know when he was all no good.
He'd take him by the heels and he'd make a clip like that into the water.
And he'd just go in and get him.
And he'd just float just with his hair on the water, waving back and forth over the top of his
head.
He'd tell you to go get him?
Yeah.
And you couldn't swim either.
Well, it wasn't over my head where he'd throw him in.
And I'd go in and pull him out and Bill would do it again.
Clarence wouldn't complain.
Well, would he be full of water when you got him?
No.
No, he wouldn't be full of water.
He'd have done it.
He'd have all these breaths and stuff.
He wouldn't ball about it or anything.
So...
Enjoy that?
No.
No.
Clarence didn't enjoy it.
One time Bill says, let's go swimming.
And I said, no, I didn't want to go swimming.
And I was holding onto the porch railing.
Hanging onto this porch railing.
Bill had a stick there that he used to stir clothes in hot water to wash them.
And, uh, he took that stick and he tapped my knuckles with it until he had them bleeding
on both hands before I turned loose and went swimming with it.
I can't believe you'd talk to him when you got grown up.
Oh, another thing, that was quite an experience too.
One time we were laying out under the walnut tree.
There was a walnut tree out from the house outside the fence in the pasture.
And we were under this walnut tree and Bill says, it's been a long time since I've choked you.
He put his hands around my neck.
I remember trying to fight with him to get his hands off my neck.
And then I didn't know anymore, so I woke up and I was laying there on my back watching the walnut leaves move.
He only did that once?
Yeah, this once.
He must have been messed up, kind of, from being so neglected or something himself.
Felt like he had to...
Had to put...
Long time since I've choked you.
You don't have to...
All you need to do is cut that blood off and you pass out.
Mm-hmm.
You don't choke your head.
Stop breathing.
That don't mean anything.
Well, where was he?
Where was he?
Yeah.
He was right there watching me.
What did he say to you?
Was he worried?
I don't think he was worried.
But he apologized after we were grown.
He says, I'm sorry I was mean to you when you were a kid, when you were little, he said.
Did you give him one in the nose?
No.
I never held it against him.
So did he ever beat you up?
It was an experience.
Thank you.
Well, if you were breaking my knuckles loose, that would be kind of beating me up, wouldn't
it?
A little.
Well, George, he'd come back to stay with us just before school started.
Paul wanted him to come back with the rest of us.
So they, my aunt, Minnie, had already bought clothes for him to go to school.
She couldn't really be going to school from there and everything.
Paul went up and got him and brought him down and right away Bill said, we'll take you
back to see the dad.
He was going to teach Georgie to swim.
Good job.
And he started trying to teach Georgie to swim and Georgie hollered at me, help, help.
Go get the neighbors.
Get somebody.
It's going to drown me.
But Georgie outlived it.
Georgie got to where he could whip.
Was he as big as Bill?
No.
He didn't need to be.
I've seen Georgie get onto the people that was twice his size and beat them.
Whipped.
He was the one that was always getting into something, wasn't he?
Yeah.
He was a bulldog.
He wouldn't, he didn't never know.
He didn't know he could be whipped.
Well, tell me something about some of his fights.
When did you see him whip Bill?
Well, he didn't really whip Bill.
Bill was scared of him.
Something must have caused Bill to be scared of him.
Bill wasn't really a fighter.
He was more a bosser.
More a boy.
I know he, Bill was kind of proud.
One time, I was going home from school with a boy, and Harry Kirshner, he died now.
He and I was walking along, going home from school, and he got in a fight with a boy.
I don't know over what, Harry Kirshner, and we called him Kirshner, but it was Kirshner.
And he got to fighting with this guy, and he got to fighting with this boy, and I don't know whether the other boy could pick the fight or not.
This Harry was way bigger than I was.
And there was a smaller boy with this other boy.
And I said, I figured we'd just all be fighting.
He said, you're that boy that took my marble, ain't ya?
Was there one then?
He'd deny it, but I don't think he was when I looked back on it.
So we got to fighting.
Well, Harry whipped that boy and went on home.
And I was still fighting with this other one until the older kids get out of school.
They let the four-year-old, four-grade kids out earlier than the others.
And the other kids come out there out of school and pulled me off of him.
And Bill, that night, Bill says, I heard you was in a fight today.
He said, well, I couldn't deny it.
And he says, I heard you whipped it.
And Bill acted proud that I whipped it.
One time, South Dakota, I was a real runt, so everybody thought he'd whip me.
In South Dakota, I was in first or second grade.
First grade.
I wasn't in second grade there, I guess.
Anyhow, here's a whole gang of kids.
Who's gonna whip me?
Who's gonna whip me?
Why?
Because?
Just in front of it, I guess.
Kids are a little devil.
Right.
Well, there was about a dozen kids around me.
And I was laying on the ground.
They had got me down.
And I start kicking.
And I just kicked around and around in a circle.
Kept them kicked away from me.
They were kind of scared of my feet.
Pretty soon, they'd give up and went home all but one.
And I remember his name, Jimmy Weiss.
I bet he was sorry.
And he's going back.
And I let him get close enough to me.
I grabbed ahold of him and I got him down.
I was a-beatin' on him.
Taking all the spite that the other kids had stored up in me, out on him.
And I was just sittin' a straddle at him and just kept beatin' him.
And here the older kids got out and pulled me off of him.
And Georgie, I told Bill about it and he said,
just wait around home till Georgie get out.
I mean, wait around the schoolhouse till Georgie get out.
And he'd go home with me.
If Georgie was a scrapper, they wouldn't bother me with Georgie.
Because all these other kids were the same grade as me.
They were?
Yeah.
So Georgie got in a lot of fights?
Well, he'd get into a fight without any-
Any reason?
Any reason.
He just liked to fight.
I guess.
It was just little things.
You know, like when we built that cabin, did I?
Up in Minnesota?
Yeah.
Arguin' about a cabin.
Oh, it was just the nicest.
Well, this Will Edwards was a bit Willie.
We call him Willie.
I call him Bill now.
But he was way bigger than us.
He was Bill's thing.
And Georgie jumped on him?
Oh, yeah.
And gripped him.
Hmm.
Was he husky?
Did Dad come?
No.
He was just agile.
He was a finder.
So when you were in Pennsylvania-
He wouldn't back up from anybody.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Even when he was crippled.
Kid was going to whip him one time.
This kid was my age, but he was just as big as Georgie.
I was as big as Georgie, see.
Because Georgie didn't grow.
He didn't?
No.
That last few years in his life, he didn't get any taller.
Huh.
And this kid was going to whip him, and Georgie would not
knock him down.
But he'd jump up and come at Georgie again.
And Georgie would hit him and knock him down.
Right down on the ground.
But he didn't knock him out.
He just hit him and knocked him down.
Was he in a wheelchair or was he in a crutch?
He was on crutches, but he was holding on to the fence.
With one hand.
He just hit him with one hand.
Yeah.
Anybody to pick on a cripple.
When did Georgie get crippled?
Hmm.
He started getting it, uh…
I was in third grade.
You know, I was in second grade in South Dakota because I went in second grade in Pennsylvania.
And then I was in third grade then.
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
That was when he did it.
Let's see.
Don't tell us very much.
But I'm thinking…
I guess he must have been about eleven.
Then he started getting it.
What was it?
Ten.
He might have been only ten years old.
Don't know.
The doctor said TB is a bone.
But they didn't know.
They just talked.
Don't know what it was.
I don't think it was in his bones at all.
Uh…
It was something in his flesh.
Uh…
Something in his flesh.
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
Uh…
In his flesh.
Something…
Some kind of…
Uh…
Uh…
Thing wrong in his flesh.
Kind of infection or something?
Infection in his body.
Um…
Hmm.
Could have been leukemia or anything like that.
I know in going to school…
I'd try to stay with him…
Uh…
Even though…
Uh…
Uh…
Even though…
He was late one morning…
And we'd usually get starved early enough…
But…
He couldn't walk fast at all…
He'd walk real slow.
or so, and I'd stay with him, it was in the wintertime, and I was wishing he was small
enough to put in my pocket tomorrow at school.
That year I had attendance, I didn't miss a day, but I was late that one morning.
From walking with him?
All year.
Yeah.
Too bad you couldn't have pulled him on a sled.
So I didn't get a certificate, got a certificate if you went to school a whole year without
missing a day or being late, and I was late that morning.
The teacher apologized, she said that that was too bad, she said, no, it wasn't your
fault, and I said, what does that certificate mean, it don't mean a thing anyhow.
Incidentally, she was my cousin.
She was?
But she would never say anything about it.
My grandmother asked her what my teacher's name was, and I said, Miss Peebles.
She says, that's your cousin, and I didn't know her.
Not Peebles.
Not Peebles.
I don't remember, Peebles was my teacher.
I forgot her.
She was my cousin.
She was my cousin.
She was my cousin.
She gave me two Wiccans that year.
She did?
For what?
Both of them, losing my place in the book, other than paying attention.
They'd be reading the book and the teacher would have kids read and then somebody else read
another chapter or something like that.
She called on me and said, come up here and paddle.
Pennsylvania, that's all they do is paddle kids.
And they could get away with it.
That was the way to be.
And at that time, Augie Fulmer, that's Scott Fulmer's youngest brother, he was in first grade,
and he was going to that little country school that later we went to.
This was before we went back there, and this teacher whipped him and broke two ribs and had
him unconscious.
And he was a first grader?
First grader.
That shows what a teacher could do in them days.
Sure, Scott's dad should have went down there and beat that teacher up, but he didn't.
He didn't?
No.
They carried the kid home, and they were living in the house that I was born in.
That was the first house of the school.
They carried him down there, and that was all the luck to him.
There was nothing done about it.
Well, what kind of offense did he do to get that beaten?
I have no idea.
I don't know.
First grader.
Didn't Bill leave school when he was getting beat up?
The teacher couldn't catch him.
Did he need a weapon for something?
One time they had a school teacher that should have been retired and could have been retired,
but they didn't retire him.
Gressley was his name, and he was a stern old schoolmaster.
But he'd got old and couldn't hear good and couldn't see good, and he was still teaching.
He was in seventh grade or sixth grade.
Must have been in seventh grade.
Yeah.
It was seventh grade.
And somebody took a piece of rubber hose and opened the furnace door.
They had a furnace in each room.
But all it did, it was just a big stove, but there were big rooms.
And they used it just like a stove.
And the pipes just let the ball and air come out.
And they took this piece of rubber hose and opened the door a little, and shoved this
rubber hose in the stove, and then let the door be not shut against it, but nearly shut.
They didn't smoke them out in the room.
It was going for quite a while.
And the kids would do tricks like that on the teacher.
He began to smell.
I wonder where that smell was coming from.
There he discovered that it was the stove, and now he went over there and put the,
I didn't see it, that he put the stove in, and left the hose in the fire, and shut the door.
And then he walked around the room, and who done it?
And Bill was shooting the giant snickers.
So it was you, was it?
He started after Bill, and Bill went up and down the rows of chairs, keeping ahead of him.
He says, if you won't let me whip you, you can get out of here.
Just get clean out of this school.
So Bill took off and come home.
Well, at this point we have to leave.
Well, Pa said...
Oh, I haven't read that yet.
Pa said, uh, well, you can go in the mine and go to work.
And so he put him in the mine and went to work.
And that was the last day of school for Bill?
That was the last day of school.
Well, it wasn't very much better getting in the mine, though.
Yeah, it wasn't really, because he didn't get no money out of it.
He'd give Pa the money.
Pa sometimes would give him a dollar or two back.
But then you and Georgie were still in the school.
And Clarence, too?
Yeah.
Did Kenneth go to that school?
No.
No, Kenneth went to Skydale School.
But when did Georgie get there?
He was ten years old, I think.
We started talking about that and didn't get very far.
Ten, let's see.
He was born in 1914.
Had been 1924.
Was it the beginning?
Ninety-four.
No, he was born after.
Because we didn't go back there until the spring of 25.
So, he was 11.
He got it at Yukon.
Where's that?
Well, that's where we went to school.
He, uh...
He, uh...
