What about him bucking on the road?
Well, he boosted me up on him and he went crazy and started bucking and running.
Caught up with Frank Wyman, he was about a quarter of a mile beyond us.
He was still bouncing down the road.
I got him stopped some ways beyond Frank and then I got off.
I stayed on him, I guess.
I got off and was holding him until Frank got down there to me.
Then we went on and then finally it got dark.
I'd been walking quite a long time, so I got a little behind Frank Wyman.
This horse walked kind of slow.
He always was kind of a slow horse, later even, to walk.
And I got him down in the ditch where I'd have a little better chance of crawling on him.
I got a back on him and he acted alright.
You were still not going to be a run.
Yeah, I was still a run.
Caught up, I trotted him and caught up with Frank.
And we went on into an Oscar.
And there was a place there to stay, a house that they rented a room.
And he gave me some money and said, go get something to eat.
And he didn't tell me what to get.
And I'd ask him but he didn't tell me and I got a stick of summer sausage and some crackers.
And I didn't have any money because I gave my money to my dad and he didn't give me any back.
And, well, we spent the night there.
And the next day we started out and I was leading this horse.
And funny, I said, I think I'm going to ride him.
No, Frank says don't ride him.
He said, yeah, that horse will kill you.
And I said, I'm going to try.
I got him by a stump.
And I got up on him.
And right away he started bucking and I thought that was a poor place for me to be.
And I jumped off.
Dumb, I was too scared of him.
And later I got over to that three of our horses.
So it didn't bother me to get all the horse knowing he was going to buck later.
But not then.
Well, I was hanging on to the bridle reins.
And they were long reins.
But I was afraid he was going to kick me and drag him behind him.
And he was dragging me.
And I turned him loose.
And he didn't do anything.
He stayed.
I walked up to him.
He caught him again.
And then I led him.
And I led him till in the afternoon.
Here Paul met us.
In the car.
He went on home.
And then he decided he was going to go and see how far we were along the road.
And Jim and Clarence was in the car.
I said, right away when he'd come, I said, did you bring the saddle?
He says, no.
And knowing I needed a saddle to ride that horse.
And I said, you should have brought the saddle.
Well, the saddle blanket was under the mattress in the bed.
Or under the bed or something.
Or on the bed.
And he had such a lame excuse for not bringing it.
He said, why don't you ride him?
I said, why didn't you bring the saddle?
And so I said, get on him.
And I said, no, I ain't going to get on him.
And I said, but if you and me can hold him, we'll put Clarence on him and see how he does.
So Paul was holding him.
And while he was...
I had a hold of one rein with my hand, two.
And I'd boot the Clarence up onto the horse.
And the horse jumped and he went on over on the other side.
Well...
Talked him into getting back on.
And then the next time he stayed up there.
And we held him from...
He was jumping while we were holding him.
But he was...
We...
We managed to keep him from running and getting away.
And then he quieted down.
And I was leading him for a wave.
And Paul said, well, get in the car.
He says, we'll go on up ahead and wait for him.
So we drove on up about a mile and a half, maybe, into some woods.
And that was Prairie where...
Where...
He had got on it.
And...
Uh...
Paul stopped and we waited and waited and waited.
And...
And...
And show up.
And finally he says, I'll go back and see you stay here with the car.
And I'll...
I'll walk back and see what's the matter.
And...
Here...
He walked back and later they come here and he said, walking, leading the horse.
And he said, uh, he fell off.
And...
So...
Paul and Lawrence, they went on home.
Left you with the horses.
Left me.
Left us with the horses, Frank and I.
So we walked on.
And that night it started raining.
In the afternoon.
I was glad for that slicker.
Frank didn't even have one, but he had a coat anyhow.
And...
Did they bring any food or anything?
No, didn't bring no food.
That reminds me of the birds.
But we...
We still had that...
That...
Some crackers and...
Some sausage.
Well...
We...
We were slogging along through the rain and...
We come to a house and Frank said we should find a place to stay.
So we stopped at that house and...
He asked about spending the night.
They said, no, we don't have room.
But there was a guy there standing there talking with them.
He says, you can stay where I stay.
And he told us where the place was.
And...
So...
We...
Uh...
Went...
He says, I'll be there.
Just go on in and make yourself at home and...
I'll be there after a while.
So we went...
We went there and...
We were cold and wet.
Uh...
There was a cook stove in the place but no heater.
I don't know what they did for a heater.
And...
Uh...
Frank says, if we could get a fire going, there wasn't no kindling around.
And...
Uh...
Uh...
And I got to smelling around and I found a can with kerosene.
I said, here's some kerosene.
Uh-huh.
That might be gas.
And you wouldn't use it.
Uh...
And...
Finally...
We just...
About give up on it.
On building a fire.
I looked around the place and there was no axe.
Nothing to split any wood up.
There was wood there but...
No way to split it up.
And...
I said to Frank...
Uh...
We had taken a...
Butcher knife and whittled some wood off of a block of wood.
And I said...
I'll go out to the barn and get some dry hay and...
That'll help start that fire.
So I did.
And...
And we lit up that hay and got it in there.
We didn't...
There wasn't even any paper around the place.
And...
Uh...
Lid up that hay and got these shavings that we had whittled off that block of wood.
And we finally got a fire started.
And...
Uh...
And...
Uh...
And about that time here...
Here's a guy coming that told us where we could stay.
And...
Uh...
I told him we couldn't find an axe.
Oh, I left that where I was grubbing out trees, he said.
And...
Uh...
He...
Uh...
He went and got it.
And we...
And then they split wood.
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Well...
He worked there, but the woman...
It was a widow that owned the place, and she wasn't there.
And...
She's gone somewhere.
And...
So...
We...
You know, it made me wonder.
They only had one bed there.
He slept with that widow evidently when she was there.
Or else she made him sleep in the barn in the hay.
I don't know.
But anyhow...
Uh...
He...
He fried up some potatoes.
They had some potatoes there.
He had some potatoes there, and he fried up some potatoes, and we ate them.
And then...
Uh...
Said, can we all three sleep in the same bed?
Uh...
Well, Frank says, yeah, he oughta.
And I was in the middle.
That's somebody you don't even know?
And...
Crowded, but...
I could sleep anywhere, so I slept all night.
Well, anyhow, we put some night in there.
And then...
And then...
He was...
Night before...
He was talking about what a rider he was.
Right?
No, this guy.
Oh.
How he had rode and he had handled horses all of his life.
And...
How he had trailed horses from somewhere long ways away.
And...
Uh...
When we got the horses out in the morning...
I said, would you be scared to ride this horse?
He said, no, I wouldn't be scared to ride it.
I said, ride it for me.
He says, no, without a saddle on.
So...
We went leading the horses.
It was a nice lodging.
We went leading them.
And...
I led them all day.
But...
I didn't...
I didn't try riding until...
In the afternoon, quite...
It was getting a little late in the afternoon.
Frank decided that...
This was...
This was when we were getting closer to home.
Frank decided that...
He was going to spend the night with Nels Cornelius.
And so it wasn't near home.
You know, there was quite a little ways.
So he was...
He took off...
On another trail.
And I took off...
I stayed on the main road going through by Fonce.
Doesn't else live south of Fonce.
On the ridge.
And...
South...
West of Fonce.
And...
I was leading this horse.
And there was...
A lot of cutover timber there.
And they left the stumps about that high.
And they probably evidently cut where there was snow on.
And they were about three feet high, these stumps.
A lot of times people wouldn't dig down in the snow to cut.
They'd just cut above the snow.
When they'd be cutting.
And...
I got the horse over by a stump.
And I put the slicker, laid the slicker over his back.
And he eased onto him.
And he didn't do anything.
And I...
I rode him on home.
And this was...
Something over four miles from home yet.
I rode him on home.
I didn't get off anymore until I got home.
Just walking him?
No, I tried him too.
And he acted alright.
I rode him on.
I rode him into the yard.
And, well, it helped to walk him all day.
You know, he was a little tired as opposed to well-made.
Pa saw me on the horse.
And he knew I rode him.
And he got some water out to drink him.
Our pump was in the house.
A pitcher pump in the corner of the house.
It was just a sand point there.
What's that?
Well, you could have a point on the bottom of the pipe.
And when you drive it down in, it's got a screen on it.
And it's actually got a point.
So you can drive them.
And you just drive it down into the sand.
And if there's water there, you can pump it up.
He brought water out of the house and watered him.
And we put him in the barn for the night and fed him.
In the morning, Pa, let's try the horse.
And so he got the saddle out.
He could find the man to these the next morning.
When he wanted to ride it down.
Oh, no.
I got the saddle on him.
And he took a hold of the bridle.
And he says, you can get on him.
I'll hold him.
I said, you don't even need to bother holding him with that saddle on.
I ain't scared to ride him.
And he held him though.
And I got on him and rode him around the waist.
He says, well, I'll try it.
So he got on and rode him.
And they were doing some road work up the road.
They had some men working around there doing this road work on the road.
They were moving sand from the top of the ridge down into the bottom
to try to cut off some of the ridge so it wouldn't be so much of a hill to go over for the traffic.
I don't know.
It was just the county hiring people just to help them out, I guess.
Just give them something to do.
Because they could have done a lot better with more equipment than what they did.
Anyhow, he rode up just to show off his new horse, I think.
But the horse was always just a little crazy.
He'd get the bells that he was crazy and run off.
He could run away with you while you were held onto the lines and you couldn't stop.
No stop.
In the wintertime, on a sleigh, he'd run off with me the first time he'd run off with me.
The sleigh was on a side hitch on it to where the horse could run in the track or walk in the track and the sleigh would be in its own tracks.
That way the horse didn't have to break snow in the middle of the road.
No.
No.
This is the meat that he bought for quite a long time.
He was just a pound.
See how he only comes apart his chest and Paul was only five foot six at his tallest.
Oh.
No.
What was this course that you're talking about?
Dan.
That's what the guy called him when he got it.
Well, I was going to school one morning and...
Was that your dream called a cuddle when you were coming?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It got so dry and the air we'd been eating had crackers and bologna and didn't have no water with it.
But it had rained that night from the day before.
There was puddles in the road.
There wasn't hardly any traffic on that road.
We didn't see a car on the whole trip.
After we got cutting through on that sand road there for 40 miles, we didn't see a car.
There wasn't as many cars in them days anyhow, though.
And the horses drank out of a puddle on the road.
And I looked at that water and I thought, well, I have to just lift it up.
And finally I stopped at several different puddles.
Finally I got down on my belly and took a drink.
And I told Frank it was pretty good, but he wouldn't drink it.
He didn't drink anything all day, that day.
And maybe he could stand to go without water better than I could.
I know on time he took us, took Clarice and I wolf hunting to Frank.
He was going to, this was before that horse, he took us wolf hunting.
It was in the spring and he says, sometimes you can hear the pups yiping around by the dens.
So what would he just kill the pups?
Yeah.
And they were six dollars a piece.
The puppies one?
Yeah.
And my mother's was 15.
And he took us wolf hunting and we was hunting and hunting and hunting and walking all around the country.
We walked about 20 miles that day.
Didn't ever find a den.
Did you have a gun along or just him?
No, just him.
The dog way long, he had a big dog, a wolfhound and Russian wolfhound.
I mean, greyhound and Russian wolfhound.
And he was a big, long-legged dog.
And he rode in the back of the car with us when we was going.
But before we got there, he jumped out and Frank never drove very fast.
He jumped out and was running, looking for rabbits, I suppose.
And he could stop and catch a rabbit and still catch up with the car.
And one time, Frank was going by Roy Denton's place and Roy Denton's dog come barking out there.
And Frank Wyman's dog jumped out of the car and whipped Roy Denton's dog and caught back up.
But he couldn't get back in while he was going.
Frank wouldn't stop for him either.
What was the dog's name?
Sporty.
Oh, Sporty Poster.
We come to a whole big patch of wintergreen berries.
And that was the biggest wintergreen berries I ever saw.
They were like that.
He says, Frank says, look at the red plums.
And we started eating them.
But you know, they made my mouth drier, because they're kind of dry anyhow.
And Frank, he didn't seem to get thirsty.
He had some pancakes along with him to eat for lunch.
He offered them to us.
And I said no.
And he ate them.
He didn't seem to get thirsty at all.
And we didn't eat all day.
We went back home in the evening again.
Yeah.
When we got back that day, Frank Wyman's...
Oh, Topsy was too.
They were after a woodchuck.
Topsy, our dog.
Topsy.
We were trying to get out as a woodchuck under a pile of logs.
And we rolled these logs around a little bit.
And finally got...
Where is the dog?
His dog.
Oh, his dog got tired of wolf hunting too and went on home.
This was quite a long ways from where we lived.
And the dog grabbed that woodchuck and killed it.
And I took it away from the dog.
And Frank says, can I ask him if it was okay if we ate the dog in the woodchuck?
Because he didn't know that the dog would eat his own.
And so I skinned it out.
And we ate it.
I cooked it that night.
And Paul and Red come back.
And had this woodchuck cooked.
And that was...
I didn't eat any of it because we'd wait for them to come back.
And it was after tonight when they come back.
They...
Where had they been?
What?
Where had they been?
I don't know where they had gone.
They'd gone somewhere.
Oh, yeah.
They'd went to visit Matt Feasting.
Way south from there.
And they walked.
It's seven or eight miles from our place.
And they walked down there to visit Matt Feasting.
I don't...
I didn't know Matt Feasting.
But he was a great friend of Paul's, I guess.
But I didn't know him at all.
And...
And they...
They walked down there and back.
And Bill was saying, told me afterwards, he said,
If I had just had that little motorcycle.
We could all three get on it and rode back up.
And what it took hours of us to walk.
We could have went up there so easy.
And Bill didn't believe in that all.
They're walking if he didn't need to.
And it's funny they didn't take the car.
Because it was there.
And Red and them had walked down there and back.
And Red with his feet was sore.
And he had a jar of rich vapor rub.
And he said, Daddy Morgan gave me that.
And he rubbed that on his feet.
And on the bottom of his feet.
His feet was sore.
They were sore for days after that, I said.
So, I had this woodchuck cooked.
And they were gobbling it up.
And Red stopped chewing long enough to say,
Did you cut the mild meat out of it?
First, he asked that before.
And I said, Yeah.
And then he was eating away.
And he said, Boy, that's good.
He said, Oh, that's good.
And then we told him that we hadn't cut the wild meat out of it.
Because he believed that cutting them kernels out of their legs,
he says he'd give it a strong taste.
And after we told him that he didn't cut the wild meat out,
he says, Well, maybe they ain't got it as bad as they do in Pennsylvania.
And he was a woodchuck eater.
He was about like old George Hoke.
They called him Uses.
He was a hillbilly there in Pennsylvania.
And he didn't work.
He'd just kind of live off the land.
They said he'd go miles to just dig out a woodchuck.
And take it home to eat it.
And he was digging on a woodchuck hole one time.
And he got it down to where he thought it was about the bottom of the hole.
And he was reaching in.
And he said, Somebody said, Did you get him, George?
And he said, Uses got hims, and him's got us.
That woodchuck had grabbed ahold of him.
But he wouldn't have turned loose.
He'd just keep ahold of the woodchuck anyhow.
He didn't want to lose it.
So they called him Uses after that.
That was his nickname.
Well, Red was about as bad about eating them as the Uses was.
Well, now you said you were working out in North Dakota?
Yeah.
You didn't tell about that.
Well, that fall, we were working out there.
That was the first time I had worked in North Dakota.
We got a job on a ranch there.
But the guy said he wanted a boy to drive the rake.
That year, it was a drought year, and the straw was so short that it would hardly stay in the bands of the bundles.
The string of the bundles, it would just slip out.
And so they lost a lot of grain just to have it left on the field.
And they had me raking the horse with a two-horse rake, rake these up into piles, and then they'd throw them in the wagon and take them in and thrash them.
And they'd have the thrashing machine right out in the field.
And they'd have wagons to catch the grain, and the straw they just burned.
They figured the ground didn't need it.
They said that was the same ground all that way down.
But it didn't matter if it was blew it away in the wintertime.
They had summer followed in the fall, and in the wintertime, the winds would blow, and blow the whole topsoil off.
They said that would blow the weed seeds away.
And so they didn't use the straw for fertilizer.
They only used the straw for their own bedding and the bank up around their barns and houses.
They used a lot of that there.
You see, it'd get cold and then not to go.
And we'd build up big walls of straw by the barn to just cut off the wind.
And not against the barn, but just a little ways away from the barn to cut off the wind.
And so I raked there until I got another job.
How much did you get paid?
A dollar a day.
It wasn't that much.
I don't know.
Anyhow, whatever I gave, I got it, I'd give to Paul.
Did he ask for it, or did he just give it?
No, he would ask for it, so I gave it to him.
Well, he wanted it.
That's why he took me out there to work, otherwise he'd left me in Minnesota.
I got another job afterwards, after that raking was over, at another place in the milking cows and stuff.
Just a flunky around the place.
That was a dollar a day during when they were thrashing, because they didn't need a thrashing hand.
And I just threw the flunky around the place.
Yard boy.
And afterwards, we were still there.
Oh, and Old Man Bixby was there, too.
Oh, this was another year.
I got fifty cents a day afterwards.
Of course, it was clear, because I was bored.
Did they feed you good?
They fed us.
Oh, yeah, good.
They had a cook there, and it was.
She was our cook.
The woman, the man's wife, she cooked a little bit.
This girl cooked.
The Irish girl, yeah.
What did she cook?
Everything.
She was a good cook.
I think the good.
You know?
In thrashing time.
I started growing, too, then.
In thrashing time, oh, yeah, I began to grow.
You started eating more.
Yeah, I grew.
In thrashing time, they all fed good.
Yeah.
They'd feed the workmen good.
Well, that was good.
They were putting in long days.
You'd work from dark till dark.
Yeah.
And so that it was long days, but they'd come out with two lunches a day,
besides the dinner.
They would?
They'd feed us in the field, yeah.
Twice?
Twice.
Two lunches.
One morning and one in the afternoon.
That's just besides the noon and the breakfast, noon and supper.
Huh.
That's Scandinavian style.
Well, because every French did it, too.
See, that first year that I worked out there, we was up around Batgate, North Dakota, and
we was working for Frenchmen.
Four brothers.
And they had their own rig, and we went from one brother's place to the other.
And all of them brothers, they fed good.
They were good cooks, too, then Frenchmen.
They were nice folks.
I liked them.
Did you get the urge to stay there and not go back to Minnesota?
No.
Well, the people next year after that, the ones where I was a flunky, they wanted me to stay.
They wanted me to stay the winter.
Hmm.
Well, you could have kept your money if you didn't.
But Paul was anxious.
Boy, he wanted to get me back here and get me in the woods working.
He was getting timber cutting time then.
Hmm.
Well, whatever.
I don't know.
How old were you then, by the time you haven't talked about Georgie that last year?
Well, let's see, Georgie died that first winter after we went to Minnesota.
Dog.
He fell alive.
Oh.
Out in North Dakota, where I was, they had a dog there, a collie dog, a mongrel.
It looked kind of like collie, only it had quite a little bit of black on it.
They don't have the shit or not.
And, uh, something got to killing their sheep.
And they didn't know what it was.
They had killed so many sheep, and here we discovered it was their own dog doing it.
We didn't know it was a pack of dogs or anything, and we discovered it was their own dog.
Well, they were going to kill the dog.
And I said, no, if you don't kill it, I'll, if you let me, if you give a dog to me, I'll
take care of it, and I won't let it kill sheep.
So they said, alright, but they'd hold me responsible for any more sheep that was killed.
So, I would tie the dog at night, and, and it stayed with me in the daytime.
No matter where I was, the dog would stay right with me.
And, the dog would do things for me that it wouldn't do for other people.
They lived right on the Red River, and their cattle would go across the river, and there
was no fence there stopping from going across there.
And, the fact is, there wasn't many fences anyhow.
And, they just had pasture fences, and everything else was open.
And, I could send the dog across the river, and it would go over and bring the cattle back.
And, uh, it, uh, it wouldn't mind me very good if it was across the river.
Because, if it was out of sight of me, it didn't pay any attention to anything, or I'd be hollering
or anything, even if it could have heard me.
It was rough on cattle.
But, if it was out in the open where I could see it, it didn't, wasn't rough on cattle.
And, oh, it would bite them and everything.
It was really rough.
They'd brought them back in there.
Back what?
Back across that river, splashing across the river.
There'd be tearing across.
This was when the river got too cold to walk and wade across.
And, uh, oh, I swam in that river, there, after there had been ice on the edge.
I thought, be it a long time before I could swim again.
I don't want to swim.
But not for long, I think.
No.
But the ice had melted in the meantime.
But there had been ice along the edge before that.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Yeah, they'd have liked to stay, have me stay there.
Oh, they wouldn't give me the dog when I got ready to go home.
What was the dog's name?
I forgot.
Hmm.
Um, maybe you could come to me sometime, but not right now.
Um, they, they figured if I kept that dog from killing sheep, they could too, but I'll
bet you it went right back to killing sheep.
Hmm.
Hmm.
One day, Oman Bixby and I walked through the sheep pasture, and we counted 50 dead sheep.
And I don't know if we had seen them all.
That dog killed that many sheep?
That one, that was just in the pasture.
There was others that killed, she, he had killed otherwise.
Why would they want to leave them there?
Well, if they figured they could manage.
One time they were going to take, go to, take cattle and sheep to market.
They shipped them by railroad.
And it was four miles of town.
And, uh, we, we loaded around, loaded straw and hay on a wagon.
And it started out with them.
The old man Bixby was driving the wagon.
And we had the cattle right around behind the wagon, so they'd take it, be chewed on
that hay while they were going.
So they'd stay right at the wagon.
And I was, we were trying to raise, take sheep along too.
And they were lambs that they were going to take for market.
And they'd ship their male lambs, many females that they didn't want.
So, here we'd get them started out with the cattle in the wagon.
And when they'd run back home, we couldn't stop.
And I was, I was herding them along behind on foot.
You see, trying to keep them with the wagon.
And he'd run back.
I had wanted to take the dog.
And he said, no, don't take the dog.
And he was scared that I couldn't control it.
And I just killed the sheep.
And I, so I had tied it up at home with their place.
We'd go back.
We'd leave the horses there.
And we'd go back and round them up.
Start them off again.
Back and go.
I didn't find the dog.
Finally, he agreed to let me take the dog.
We'd start the sheep out.
And the sheep would turn around and see the dog.
And they stayed right with the cattle.
And he didn't bother.
And, you know, all he stayed, he stayed with me.
But they'd see the dogs.
And we got toward town quite a little ways toward town.
And there was fence on each side of the road.
So that the sheep couldn't turn around and go back easy.
And he told me to send the dog home.
And the dog wouldn't mind them.
But it went by me.
So I told the dog to go on home.
And they went home.
And we went on to town and got them there.
By that time, the sheep was used to hauling the cattle more, too.
Anyhow, they'd get them farther away from home.
We got to town and put the sheep and the cattle in the corral.
And he said, ask a man, Bixby, if he wanted to drink a beer.
And he said, yeah.
And so he took us to a bar and he got us each a beer.
How were you fixed that?
And I would have been 18 by that time.
And just cups of beer.
About that big.
The glass.
Cups.
The glass.
It's this small one.
Probably cost more than the bigger one someplace else.
Anyhow, we went on home.
It was a nice ride.
We got, you know, Bixby and I was talking on the way back.
And feeling pretty good about getting everything up to the railroad.
And he was going to ride the railroad cars with them to the market to make sure that they
were fed and everything on the way.
Yeah.
And water.
Because a lot of times the train crews wasn't fussy about the stock.
And they were supposed to unload them after so long and feed them and water them.
And so they were fussy about it.
And so he rode the train on to St. Paul.
Yeah.
I think that's where we went.
We went to Chicago.
I have no idea where they were going to park.
Anyhow, we went home.
And near them people at home hadn't even milked the cows.
It was quite late for the time we'd get back.
And had 14 or 16 cows milk.
By hand.
Yeah.
By hand.
And separate the milk.
Feed the calves.
And there was two boys at home.
And the cook.
She'd come out and milked a couple of cows.
She was good about that.
She'd only milked two cows, I believe, she'd milk.
She'd milk the rest.
And she was a good milker, too.
Too bad she didn't have more time to milk more.
How old was she?
She had a boyfriend who'd come out to see her.
I don't know how old she was.
Maybe 18, 19?
Yeah.
A nice girl.
She, one time when we, oh, we got, we got the chores done there.
At the end of that.
One time when his boyfriend come out riding a horse.
He worked at a ranch somewhere around there.
And he'd come riding his horse on a Sunday.
And he visited with everybody.
And, uh, and her.
And, uh, all at once they looked across the field.
And it said, the cows was in the corn.
And he told me to go get a horse and get the cows out of the corn.
And this guy said, take mine.
Says it needs riding anyhow.
And I guess it'd need a droid.
Boy, it'd start bucking across the field.
I did stay on it.
And it was a wild thing.
And I got the cows out of the corn with it.
Went back and tied it up where he had it.
That night when he went, went to go back.
Uh, that horse stood right up on his hind legs.
He stayed on it, too, though.
It was kind of a wild horse.
Finally, it didn't fall over on him.
I could do a lot of time.
Huh.
Well, I hope they got married and raised a lot of kids.
And they're happy.
They're sure alive.
They're probably both gone by now.
Older than me.
Not my clothes in me, though.
Well, I do not, too much.
Hmm.
That sounds interesting.
That'd be an interesting life out there on the ranches and stuff.
Well, it was, yeah.
Was that still in the U.S. Sea when we were out there?
No, that was a different year that I had worked out there.
That was west of Devils Lake.
Did you call me the place in the house?
No.
All we did was find this boy.
And he took us out to the place where he lived, and he wasn't there.
And he just showed us around the place, the little of the old cars they had around there.
So I didn't see him.
He was nice to him.
A German, a Norwegian name.
They were Norwegian people.
He was a nice guy.
He was the son of the rancher I worked for out there.
Hmm.
At that place, my dad got the job thrashing.
He had a thrashing rig, and he thrashed his own and other people's as well.
And boy, he's got a long run.
Didn't need a hand on the thrashing.
And he said, I could herd cows.
So, that's all I did on that place mostly was herd cows.
They had a pony there that I could ride, and I'd take cows out in the morning and herd them till noon.
And I'd take them in and run them in the pasture.
And then later in the afternoon, I'd take them out again for a while in the evening.
I'd take them out into land that they didn't farm.
It was just prairie land.
It was just prairie grass there.
Hmm.
And what would you do all day?
Just take them out and go back?
No, no, no.
I'd stay with them.
Keep them out of grain fields.
There was grain fields around otherwise.
And there was sure a nice poem.
I remember her name, Babe.
Babe.
What color was she?
Babe.
What color was it, Babe?
Babe.
Babe.
Babe.
Babe.
Babe.
Babe.
Girl, I think I heard she.
Later she died with it, the speaking systems.
You know, the mosquitoes makes it.
What do they call that?
Encephalitis.
Encephalitis.
They can vaccinate horses for it now.
now. It makes the horse kind of sleepy and dopey and they die from it. It's a brain
fever, I guess. Yeah, it is. And I know a gentleman, he wrote to me some
afterwards for several years. I'd write him and he'd write me and he told me she
had died. Hmm. Well then, I'm pretty sure there'll be time to tell how you ran away from home,
but tell about Georgie and then tell about leaving home and stuff. Well, Georgie had stayed
with my Aunt Sarah in Pennsylvania because he figured the schools was better in Pennsylvania
than they were in Minnesota and he wanted to get a good education. So he stayed with my Aunt Sarah
and Scott and their two kids. They had two kids then. And, uh, they kept him there and then
he got worse and worse. Sickness. Funny, he went into hospital. He did write me some that summer
that he was gone, whether that we were in Minnesota. And then he was in the hospital
and I was thinking how it would be nice to go see him. But it was in the wintertime then,
when he was getting pretty bad. And I didn't know how I would get to Pennsylvania at all. But
I should have tried somewhere or another, but...
