The car should be washed. Nobody started washing it until all at once we saw an old red out there with a gasoline rag that he had stuffed in the gasoline tank and got it wet.
And he was washing the car with that gasoline. And my dad says, what are you doing? He said, I'm washing the car. He says, mechanics know what to do, don't they, Will?
He called Bill Will always. And it's just, that ain't good for the car, Bill said. You know, gasoline takes the pain to heart. And Bob bawled Frank out. Oh boy, he bawled him out. He called him Frank, you know, he called him Red.
And, uh, then, uh, the next day, I guess it was, it wouldn't have been that day, something happened to the car and it quit.
Well, old Red, he let on, he was a mechanic. And he, he got to monkey it around and it was a distributor and pulled it out and, uh, Bill says, how are you going to get that in time again?
Oh, I'll give it to the time again. And Bill said, he's just lucky that he did get it right in time again. Uh, cause you know, you can get messed up and not go apart.
I'm happy he knew more than he thought he did.
Uh, all he'd ever had was Model T's, so he'd had Model T's. He had a Model T when he was, I don't know, 16 years old?
Hmm.
I guess. You know, one time we went to a family reunion of, uh, Laura's folks. They had a family reunion and, uh, there was a lot of people there and here, everybody was done eating when here Huffman showed up.
Uh, and old Red, he was dreaming that he had got that far with his Model T. Uh, you know, for, for eating because everybody else had eaten.
Uh, he was so proud. Uh, you know, he'd never been away from home very far, anyhow.
Uh, and, uh, and, uh, no, Model T's the only thing he knew about. I don't know. It was just luck on his part to put that distributor back in and, in and get it in the right place.
Bill wouldn't even pulled it out, you know. But, whatever it was, oh, he had broke the rotor off. He broke that tongue off the rotor.
They had to get somebody to start him off.
So that must have held up a trip a while.
Yeah, a little. That was about that time, you know, when we stayed at Elk River.
And then, we got on up to Minnesota. And I don't know why, Mom, my dad drove around, way around and come in from War Road rather than go up through.
Like, he didn't, that road wasn't passable when we lived up there.
Yeah.
Uh, going through on 71, 72. You couldn't drive through there.
Uh, only unless it was real dry. Because it's small.
And, uh, anyhow, you come around by Thief River and War Road.
But that 72 was good at that time, but you didn't have an up to date map or anything.
Hmm.
And you knew you could come in from the other way.
You know, we got down to that old homestead, and I was just trying.
You were highly about to come in.
That was, that was the worst day, the last day.
Would it go away by morning?
No.
Probably not really.
But it is similar.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I was laying alongside the fire, and I got to throwing up bile, and Bill says,
Get away from the fire if you're going to throw up.
I wasn't right by the fire.
He wasn't very sympathetic.
Closer.
He was cooking this fire.
And we, uh, uh, oh, I got to be a little better, and I said, Look at that.
There was that big dog, Frank Wyman's there.
It was a Russian Wolfhound on a Greyhound cross.
Um, he was standing there looking at us.
Bill says, Get home!
And he went there and went home to Frank Wyman's place, but we didn't know whose dog it was
or anything.
Is that the one that would pull the woman along with the kids?
No.
Uh-uh.
And, uh, we, uh, had to fix the house.
Somebody had taken the roofing paper off the house.
They didn't pull the nails.
They just cut long sides of it where the nails was and took them strips off of the house.
Probably somebody didn't have a good roof on their house and cut it off and used it.
We had to put paper on the roof and, and, uh, somebody had taken what windows it was.
We put cheesecloth over the windows.
Oh.
I bet the kids were bad.
Well, they were bad back then, yeah.
Was it any when you came?
They were always.
Oh, yeah.
They were already there when we got them out there?
Oh.
Yeah.
No, maybe not.
Quite.
Just about.
Yeah.
Because, uh, it went wrong in a little while and he, he went down in the woods and started
cutting logs to build a new log house.
One, none of the matter.
That one.
So you just added on to it?
Later we sold them logs for fall.
Cut them up for fall.
Oh, so you didn't actually build a lot of house?
No.
Uh-huh.
He used to use that.
It wasn't nothing matter with it.
He put them in there.
He figured Laura had to have his house?
I guess.
How long were you there?
Oh, I don't know, some time.
And the boss said, well, we should have that car in the shed.
Oh, Red suggested take the logs out of one side of the house and so we could drive it
in there.
Which they did.
In the house we did?
Well, in the other room.
We only needed one room.
It was the two room house.
The bedroom was smaller though.
But it was just about big enough to drive the car in.
That's when they took their logs out.
Well then.
So you didn't pull down?
Uh, it wasn't nothing matter with any car set outside.
Well anyhow, he wanted a garage.
He bought lumber from Ralph Denton and Ralph Denton brought it up there along with a bunch
of slabs that we used the slabs on the roof on the chicken house.
The walls were still there.
Somebody was taking the roof off and used it for fuel.
Uh, somebody was going to find the truck wood.
And, uh, they were going to get wood.
They even took the floor out of the barn and took wood.
And it had quite a floor in the barn and they had taken the floor off.
Had to re-floor that later.
But, uh, while we was there, we used to have a lot of fun with old Red.
We kind of made fun of his stuff.
And he'd talk about his, the place that they lived in, Pennsylvania.
And it was ready to fall down.
Uh, but it was a log house.
And old Red said, lots of good lumber and timber in that house.
It was a log house.
Later they did prop holes against the side to hold the walls up.
And, uh, when they lived it was afterwards.
But at the time they didn't, they, uh, they, they didn't own the place.
They just lived there.
Somebody had told them they could live there or something.
They were just squatting there.
They ended up owning it.
I don't know how they did it.
They lived on something like that.
They lived on something like that.
They did it.
Yeah.
They, they're still some of the family owners.
Uh, they just lived there.
Up in, uh, way up in the hills is where nobody was in it, I guess.
Hmm.
아아
Paul, uh, we were, uh, Pa, Pa took off, he was always going someplace and talking.
And then, um, instead of helping around the place and doing anything, he wanted to get acquainted with all the people around.
He took off, and we were trimming up some jackpine back to the barn,
cutting off the lower limbs and piling them out away from the trees.
Old Red had an axe, and Bill had one.
Clarence and I were cleaning up the limbs as they cut them off.
And then Bill told Clarence to go get some water, and Frank Wyland had a well pumped in his house,
so he went over there to get some water.
He'd come back with a pail, and he had a tin cup on his finger, and Red was kind of mad.
He didn't want to work anyhow. Red was kind of lazy, so he was done.
And he was mad about something. Well, we had been kind of teasing him.
When Clarence come with the water, Red says, give me a drink,
and he was the closest to where Clarence was anyhow.
And he grabbed that cup off of Clarence's finger, and Clarence just about tore the finger off.
And he took the water and dumped it on him, Frank.
Clarence did?
Red did.
Yeah, you were killing Red.
Yeah.
Well, then Red, as soon as Clarence dumped it, he dropped the pail and run away from him,
so he could get him, and he threw the cup at him, but he didn't hit him.
And then I laughed.
Mmm, that was a bad thought.
I've learned since not to laugh, I think.
Or laughing, the president.
He jumped on you?
He'd come laugh at me with the axe.
Says, I'm going to knock the laughing out of you.
Yes, he'd probably kill me if it hadn't been for Bill.
He did?
Yeah.
Was he older than Bill?
How old was he?
No, he was about Bill's age.
Bill told him to let me alone and get back to work.
Was Bill bigger than him?
Nobody was tougher.
And I guess, Bill, he kind of got his spirit over me.
Well, I guess he figured he'd put time to you enough that he could stick up for you and all.
Well, when Clarence went in on a bucket of water, and...
Did he?
I don't know who he did.
I don't think he did.
He just run off and didn't come back.
He was good.
He had to hid out somewhere.
Because we had to hunt him up that night.
What, did he go visit him or something?
No, he was sleeping in the barn or someplace or another.
He'd go dead at my time.
Why?
Well, we used to wonder how late he stayed out at night.
He'd stay out of way late.
In Pennsylvania?
In Pennsylvania.
What would he be doing?
Hanging around with other kids, maybe up to devilmen.
And this was when he was only about five, six, seven years old.
He was smoking when he was seven.
He smoked from when he was seven until he was ready to die.
When he was seven years old, he started smoking?
He was addicted.
How did he get him when he was in his daughter?
He'd got him from Paz, in fact.
Did your dad smoke too?
Yeah.
He'd got him from Paz.
He'd roll it on.
He'd roll it on.
Oh, he'd come to Paz tobacco.
Your dad?
Well, it was all the same kind of tobacco.
Oh.
Yeah, a client bought a big bunch of tobacco on him.
And, uh.
And, uh.
What about your dad?
He chewed too.
He chewed too.
Yeah.
He smoked Paz.
Anyhow, he managed to smoke and he was addicted.
And, uh.
And, uh.
About when you were traveling.
Did you smoke him?
No.
No.
Did your dad know he smoke?
No.
He didn't mind?
Well, he didn't want anything.
He didn't do it to my father's face, huh?
Hmm.
So, anyway.
You're thinking about things.
Well, over there, anyhow.
I guess Bill told Pa about what happened.
About the accident.
He was talking about that over there for him.
He says, you let them kids alone?
He says, if you don't like it, hit the road.
Well, he wouldn't have known which way to pass it to the road.
He wouldn't have known which way to pass it to the road.
Well, he wouldn't have known which way to pass it to the road.
And, uh.
Yeah.
That one time, he was still telling me.
Uh.
That one time, uh.
We were sitting in the house.
He was sitting in the house.
That one time.
He was sitting in the house.
I was about to action.
And, uh.
He was talking about that over there for him.
He says, you let them kids alone?
He says, if you don't like it, hit the road.
Well, he wouldn't have known which way to pass it to the road.
Well, he wouldn't have known which way to pass it to the road.
Well, let me know what.
Yeah.
Yeah.
At one time, we were sitting in a house. This was after we had the house fixed up again.
The stove had come from Pennsylvania. We had a housekeeper setting up.
Bill would cook. I'd wash the dishes. He wouldn't help cut wood. He wanted to keep Bill happy and keep him cooking.
He said, Bill cooked just right for him. And he got Clarence on his lap over there.
He said, Clarence, I like you. He started patting. He kept getting harder and harder.
He was like patting him over his knee. With Clarence? With his lap, yeah.
Clarence had to be pretty old, wasn't he? No, he was pretty young.
Thirteen or something? Uh-uh. Still, I wasn't to thirteen.
So how much younger than you was he? Four.
Four. Sixteen, seventeen. So he was quite about thirteen.
I was sixteen. That was maybe twelve. Or not quite twelve.
He started beating? Yeah. And Clarence jumped off of him and he grabbed a set of the garden stakes.
We had strings rolled on these garden stakes about that long.
And he grabbed them things. They were rolled up together with that string around them.
And he whacked Old Red again on his legs. He wiped them as hard as he could on the legs.
And then run out the door. And Old Red grabbed them stakes and run after him.
Robbed the house. And Clarence come back in.
Or no, Clarence didn't come back in.
Hey, that's the time. That's the time that Clarence gave God.
He didn't come back.
Old Red come back in all out of breath and he says, I almost died.
You know, Peter throwed them sticks and hit him.
It hurt him back.
Some puddles things.
So he hid out in the barn at the time?
Yeah, he hid someplace or another and he found him sleeping.
He didn't come in.
No, he liked to eat and yet he wouldn't come in to eat. He hid out.
He gave people a long time without food and had a good dinner.
Well, you were saying something about Clarence staying out too late.
You got to wonder what he did so late.
Oh, Georgie, well I did it too.
Back in Pennsylvania.
We put stuff against our bedroom door so that it would wake us up for it to come in.
Yeah.
It would push the door open and put the stuff on the floor.
A metal dirigible, about two and a half feet long.
What's a dirigible?
Airship.
Oh.
It was made out of metal.
And you could take it apart.
It was a kit.
You could take it apart and make different models out of it.
Where did you get that?
Different models of dirigible.
George has got it in the hospital.
Wow.
And we had that leading up against the door and other stuff.
And it made noise.
And boy, when he came in and upset that stuff, the whole house woke up.
Boy, did we get bawled out about that.
Woke up the baby.
One time, I don't know if it was deliberately or not, but the door was locked and he couldn't get in.
He couldn't?
He didn't.
Who couldn't?
You or him?
No, he couldn't.
Oh.
And I don't know whether he locked you deliberately or just, they always locked the door, right?
Mommy locked the door.
And we woke up and here he was coming in through the window.
He crawled up the porch railing posts and crawled on the porch roof and come and reached out over the window.
The window that's that far from the porch roof.
Somehow or another, he comes through the wind.
He gets to the scrappy thing.
And then one time, we didn't know where he was.
And we had hauled a bunch of leaves and put them into a part of the barn that we had.
Uh, it was just a little barn that keeps the goats in.
We had goats.
And, uh, yeah.
Yeah.
We were looking for that.
We were looking for him.
One time, we found him in the dog house.
We saw the dog outside.
Wasn't in her house.
And, uh, yeah.
We were looking for that.
Looking for him.
One time, we found him in the dog house.
The place we'd had that tray get one time.
And, uh, we hauled a bunch of leaves and put them in there for bedding if it had anything in there.
Leaves in there and then leaves.
Did you ever find out when he came in?
What time was the day of work?
No, we didn't look for the block.
He just wanted to just get in his business, I guess.
He had to be awful young.
Wasn't your dad worried about him?
No, he didn't worry about him, no.
Yeah, he didn't worry about any of y'all very much.
He didn't worry about any of y'all very much.
He didn't worry about any of the workers.
He didn't worry about him.
Well, he didn't want him back to get the kids.
Yeah, thanks a lot.
Well, what else?
Well, I don't know.
Well, you were up in Minnesota.
Lana, when did Lana get there?
After Pa went back and got her, he took Red and Bill back to Pennsylvania.
So Bill stayed down there?
Yeah, he was married.
Oh, he was?
Yeah.
Oh, he got married pretty young then, huh?
He was 20.
Oh.
She was 20, huh?
She was 20.
Oh, yeah.
Huh.
And, uh, and, uh, yeah, he and Red and, uh, Paul went back to Pennsylvania and then
he got lower than Lana and then come on back.
He stayed there quite a while.
What did you guys do a long time?
It was just you and Clarence?
Yeah, we batched.
And we said, uh, Paul says, don't let that place burn down.
If it burns down, you'll get it, he said.
And, like as if I would deliberately burn down.
Well, I was, it made me conscious of the, not, not because I was going to get it, but, uh,
conscious of the fire.
And I'd make sure the fire was out in the cook stove before we'd ever leave the place.
So, what kind of stuff did you do while he was gone?
Oh, we'd, uh, see, that was the first time that they'd left.
We didn't have any duties, I guess, to speak of.
We'd go swimming.
We'd go visit Crownton.
We'd go visit Denton.
We'd go visit Denton.
We'd chase around the country on the horse.
No, it wasn't a bearish.
No, it wasn't a bearish.
No, it wasn't a bearish.
It was very tacky though.
Did you ever hunt?
It was pretty early.
No, I had nothing to hunt with on the swing shot.
I got to where I could shoot partages and rabbits through the swing shot.
Really?
Uh, not too many, but it was like some of our idea.
What'd you eat while you were there?
Burrows, burrows, burrows, and rabbits for the swing shot.
Really?
Uh, not too many, but it was like some of our idea.
What'd you eat while you were there?
Burrows, burrows, burrows, burrows, and趋s, and...
And biscuits and pancakes.
How'd you learn to...
How do you clean a porcupine anyway?
You know.
Without getting jazzed?
Oh yeah.
Then our bristles on the belly.
I'm on the valley now. First one we got, Pa hollered her early morning, thought it was already daylight, but by that time the days were raining out, he was hollering, bring the rifle!
The reel got to 22 and he took it out there and the porky was up the tree by that time. I don't know how many times he shot at that porky and didn't bring him down.
Paul must not have been a very good shot. I was thinking of the boys on that trip to the Bahamas, where they both got the only ones who won anything.
Oh, they're all good shots. They didn't inherit it, but they acquired it.
He didn't find any. He said, get the axe, and so we chopped the tree down and killed the porky with the axe.
How big of a tree was it? It was jackpotting about that thing.
He had chopped it down and hit the porky over the end of the axe and then Bill showed me where he used to always skin him.
There was two nails still there where he'd hang his hind legs.
And that he had skinned porkies before. You know, we had gone from that place for ten years. Eleven years.
When he was a kid, when your dad would be gone?
Well, over ten years we were gone. And the nails were still in the back of the house where he used to skin porkies.
What does it taste like?
Well, like woodchuck.
It tastes like he?
Kind of strong.
What about red and the wild meat?
Oh yeah, red, he always talked about how he liked the red church.
Oh, he liked the red church.
But he wanted to get the wild meat out.
In the legs, there's kernels, little red kernels in their legs.
He called that the wild meat.
It is the same.
So, you could get that out.
So they're better.
And, well, he had to show us where it was in the porky and cut it out.
You know, they're good.
Right there?
Yeah.
And, um, they didn't swirl it.
Huh.
They cut them out of the squirrel.
And, um, he said, he liked porky.
And, uh, boy, I used to like this, uh, porky, groundhogs.
That's what it's called.
And he says, I like porky better.
And we watched him eat four legs off the porky.
You know, they're like turkey drumsticks.
They are?
Yeah.
Big.
And he'd eat all four legs.
We got tired of porky.
And wood chucks.
If he must have eaten anything.
Uh, we got some wood chucks.
Old Red was bragging about what a shock he was.
Oh, he was just a reaction.
Uh, Paul says, Frank, I've heard you bragging enough.
We'll see what you can do.
We took the 22 out.
We had some logs piled up by the house there.
It wasn't about that big around.
I guess they were logs out of the house that we pulled out to drive the car.
Anyhow, I don't know why Paul listened to the whole red.
Anyhow, he had red shoot it.
I took a button.
A white button.
And I took a sliver.
And stuck it right in the middle of one of them logs.
On the end of the log.
We got back about 30 feet from it.
And red shot.
And we went over there and looked.
It hit the end of the log.
I found one and it hit the pile.
Not that far from the end of the log.
I said, here it is.
And then we all laughed about that.
What a crash shot he was.
I don't know if Paul even shot.
I don't remember.
They didn't let the time shoot.
Bill and I each shot.
I missed it about three quarters of an inch.
Bill missed it a little bit far.
With a rifle.
Yeah.
And no wonder I couldn't.
I couldn't even see the log.
And oh, he went in and went to bed.
He was sick.
It just made him so sick.
Oh, yes.
He'd pretend he was sick before he was sick.
Yeah.
He said, I couldn't even see the log.
Yeah.
That family.
That was crazy.
Yeah.
He was the only family.
All right.
Cheers.
Okay.
You ready?
Oh, we'll talk about the Hoffman family.
Hoffman is Laura's sister and her husband in their family.
They were a character in the Hillbilly family.
One time at our place, Yukon, here comes Ross.
That was Laura's brother.
He'd come running or walking fast and running.
And he had a car at home.
But it was too slow for him, I guess.
Because he'd come walking or running on foot and said, Frank had hit Harold.
Harold, that was their, Emma's boys.
Over the head with the ox.
Who was Harold?
Harold was Emma's son.
Emma was Laura's sister.
Laura's nephew.
Nephews.
They're cousins.
They're cousins.
They're cousins.
They're cousins.
They're cousins.
They're cousins.
No, they're brothers.
Oh, okay.
And his mother was at our place.
Emma was at our place.
And she's so wonderful.
I wonder where that came from.
What she meant was, it was something to wonder at.
That one boy would hit the other head, went over the head with the axe.
And, uh, so, Laura said, John, get the car out and go get him and take him to the doctor.
And that was your dad, she said.
Yeah.
And, so, they went, loaded Emma in it and, and, and Ross, and, and went to get, to get him.
And, and they went and got him.
And they couldn't hardly find him because he was so covered up with flour.
They put flour on to stop it from bleeding.
Um.
Was his head cracked open?
I guess.
And, uh, well, Reb later said that they didn't hit him with the axe.
He hit him with the axe.
He hit him with the handle.
Of course, I suppose he'd split his head open if he used the axe.
But we always, we always, geez, Reb about it.
Hit him over the head with the axe.
So Reb was the one who hit it?
Yeah.
And, um, so, uh, he took him out to the doctor, Dr. Toff.
And he, he took one look at him and said, take him and wash him up.
I can't find the boy.
Ha.
Ha.
So Ross, he said, the whole tribe went with him, you know.
It was all that could get, all that could get in the car, you know, and just take him
there.
There was a 28 Chevy.
There wasn't room for a lot of people.
And, uh, old Ross said, the doc better work on him.
So, I guess he was a little scared of that hillbilly, so he cleaned him up himself and patched him up.
And that was the end of that story.
And I bet old Red never outlived it when he teased him about it.
Did he get in trouble?
No.
Did he get in trouble?
Ha.
No.
What were they fighting about?
I don't know.
I don't know.
We never did hear.
Uh, one time, he was a little scared of that hillbilly, so he cleaned him up himself and patched
him up.
And that was the end of that story.
And I bet old Red never outlived it when he teased him about it.
Did he get in trouble?
Did he get in trouble?
Ha.
No.
What were they fighting about?
I don't know.
We never did hear.
Uh, one time, they lost a pig.
Huffman's lost a pig.
And, sometime after that, I read in the paper that somebody had found a pig, and they said
the owner can claim it by coming and identifying it.
So, I took the paper and up there to Huffman's and showed it to them.
And, Harold says, oh, that's our pig.
And, at first, Emma, their mother, said, maybe that's our pig.
And, Harold says, yeah, that's our pig.
And then, old Red or somebody else says, sure, that's our pig.
Without ever seeing it.
Ha, ha, ha.
So, we drove over to their place.
I rode with them.
Harold had a, Harold had a car.
I don't know how he got money enough to get a car, but they was in liquor business,
I believe.
And, uh, if they were just hillbillies, they never had no means of support otherwise.
And, uh, Harold and the old man and I got in the car.
And, uh, it was a Model, a Model T, Coupe.
And, Red, he wanted to go along, so he held onto the back.
He was all down to each side, sitting on that turtle back, he called it.
It wasn't the trunk.
It was a place to store stuff on the inside.
It didn't open up on the outside.
He didn't have much to do.
And, uh, he says, let her roll, Harold.
And, Harold began to let it roll, and they lived up on the mountain.
And, uh, and the old man says, pull her in.
And you can slow it down?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we got over there where the pig was.
One of them, I don't remember, is the old man.
They don't look quite like us.
And Harold says, it must be our pig.
They found it and we lost it.
Lost to one.
So, they, uh, then pretty soon the man comes.
There wasn't anybody there, but us looking at the pig.
Oh, they were just examining the pig without any permission, huh?
Well, the, I think the woman said it was out there in the pig.
Anyhow, pretty soon the man comes.
And they were preparing to take the pig.
And he said, I bought feed and medicine for the pig.
The pig was sick when it came there and I had to buy medicine for it.
And I, I fed it.
And he wanted them to, he paid for that feed and medicine.
And, oh, they didn't want to pay anything.
He says, we'll just go see Neil.
Neil was the Justice of Peace.
So, he filed in the car again and went to the Justice of Peace.
Well, he, they told him about it.
He says, oh, well, that's the only right that you pay.
So, they had to pay him.
I didn't ride with them.
They took me home after going to the Justice of Peace.
I didn't ride with them.
Well, they didn't need the room to be part of it.
With the pig.
They had to ride inside with them?
It would have, yeah.
So, they lived across the mountains from where this pig was.
And we thought it was quite a long time away for that pig to leave home.
And theirs probably had often died.
They probably ate it.
They probably ate it.
No, they lost the pig.
So, it wouldn't be a new pig.
It probably wasn't.
It probably wasn't.
Well, that wasn't the end of the pig.
Oh, no, that wasn't the end of it.
When they put the pigs, they didn't have to come out.
Yeah.
That was a good thing.
So, it was a good thing.
So, it would have been a good thing.
And did everybody side with them?
It would have, yeah.
So, they lived across the mountain from where this pig was.
And we thought it was quite a long time away for that pig to leave home.
But theirs probably had often died.
They probably ate it.
No, they lost the pig.
So, it wasn't even your pig?
Probably wasn't.
Well, that wasn't the end of that pig.
Oh, no, that wasn't the end of it.
No, they lost the pig.
So, it wasn't the end of it.
Well, that was the end of that pig. Oh, no, that wasn't the end of it. When they butchered the pig, they'd give us a message to the pig.
Can you find it for the pig?
Well, help them to find their pig.
Oh, one time we got talking about Minnesota, and the old man was there, the old man Huffman was there, and he said, I was off in Minnesota one time.
And he had no idea where Minnesota was there. He'd just make up a story, because he heard the name Minnesota.
So, he says, I brought back a hound dog that stood about that high, and that ear was dragging on the ground.
What? Years. I have two-foot-long ears.
So, that was a good hound. I never seen a hound in Minnesota.
Do you think they were in the still business? Did you ever see a still or something?
No, never did, but they had no visible means of support. They didn't work out. They didn't work at any of the mines around there. I don't know what they lived on.
They must have had a still someplace. Probably.
Oh, you didn't think you were talking about the guy that made food.
He said he was going to school, and he made that big handle. Did you ever see his operations?
No. That was the Mondock family. He made liquor. He got a job from the company, just so he could get into a company house.
They only let the workers be in their houses. But he'd only work just once in a while, just enough so that they wouldn't fire him.
They always lived. They were as good as anybody else. Maybe a little better, because his kids were real scrounges.
They pulled a wagon with them.
They knew where every peach tree, and apple tree, and nut tree was in the country.
And they'd scrounge all over the country. They didn't go to school either. They didn't go to school.
And they offered him, and he went to work. And they knew everybody's place in the country for miles around.
And maybe I told about the peaches.
Yeah, you did. All right, well let's switch back up to Minnesota. And I don't know, whenever Laura came there, and you were up there when George died, weren't you?
Yeah.
Anything about us in there? You ended your story with red being sick because you couldn't hit the mark.
Oh. Did I tell about him going to hit me with an axe?
Yeah.
Oh.
What?
What?
I would tell that you.
Oh.
Well, we were in Minnesota. My dad needed a team of horses. We had been working out in North Dakota, and we looked at some horses out there in North Dakota.
It was a sure good thing that we didn't get any out there. He'd had me riding it back clean to Minnesota.
And, uh, while we were out there, we come to a town that they had horses around there. They were going to have a sale, and my dad had me riding different horses to see how they rode, and, uh, not knowing if you could ride them even. But I did ride them, and they didn't throw me off, you know.
Then we got back to Roseville, and they had a horse sale going on there. So he stopped, and they had some nice ponies there. They weren't very big, but they were only yearlings and two-year-olds.
But that didn't matter. A pony can do a lot of work. They never bid on a pony. They weren't broke at all. They weren't even older broke. But they did lasso them, and there were some pretty good guys there with them. They'd come with them. Horses come from South Dakota.
And they, uh, they'd lasso them bigger ones. And, uh, and tie them up to these growl fence. So that they was pretty well hauled or broke by the time they were done there. By the time they got done fighting them haulers for a while and trying to get loose.
They'd be pretty well hauled or broke. Here he never bid on one of them. But there was a guy come riding a horse in there. And he liked it because he could see it was already being handled.
It was a little bigger horse than these others. Although he was only two-year-old, I believe. That he was three. Anyhow, he ended up buying them. Paying more for that horse than if he could have got a team of the others for.
It was kind of dealer follow-up. Um, when he could have got two for the price of the one.
What colors were they? Different colors. Uh, most of them were kind of creamy colors. Kind of tan.
And, uh, he could have bought a pair of them and got them hauled home because I couldn't have rode them home. They wasn't broke. And, uh, they, uh, they were going for $20 a piece. No, they were less than that.
A yearling's just gone for $14 a piece. They must have got them free in South Dakota or Russell them. To haul them to Minnesota to sell. Uh, the two-year-olds was a little more.
Just a little more. They might have been $20 a piece. No, I knew that they were, you could get a team of them for what he paid for the other. And he paid, uh, $45. They might, they might have been $20 that the two-year-olds was selling for.
So did you ride that horse down there? What did it look like? Well, he was a bay horse. Pretty good size. He probably was half Belgian. Uh, because he got to be around 1,400 or 1,500 pounds when he got done drawing. And, um, he wasn't just a bronco like these others was. They were strictly purple.
They were, they were, they were, they would have never made big horses. They might just stand in for what he said, Charles. And, yeah, Paul bought him and didn't have no saddle there. But he had a bridle on him and a halter. And the halter would, went with the horse, but the bridle didn't. We had to send it back to the guy from Minnesota.
And he just, well, taken, went up, stayed the postage, because he was probably just as easy to ride the halter than he would have been with that bridle, because he was crazy the horse.
Yeah. Yeah. Paul boosted me up onto him.
How old were you? When we started.
Seven.
Seven.
Four.
Seven.
Seven.
Four.
Four.
Four.
Four.
Seven.
Four.
Seven.
Four.
Ten.
Four.
Four.
Seven.
Four.
Nine.
Four.
