No. Okay, start.
Okay, yeah. Well, Dad, you don't have to be fancy. It doesn't matter.
You say I should say John Brunner? Yeah.
This is the story about a dumb guy by the name of John Brunner.
John Emerson Brunner.
John Emerson. Okay, who was Emerson? Where did that come from?
We got to. It was too late to get there before I was born.
Oh, really? I didn't know that. His last name was Emerson?
That was his last name, yeah. And when I was seven months old, or was it nine months old,
I think it was mine. We went to Minnesota by the train. My Dad didn't go with the coach with us. He went with the immigrant car, hauling our stuff.
What's an immigrant car? That's a car the railroad had for people to go west. There were so many people going west at that time that they made these special cars for them.
What was it? A stove. Just like a house, kind of? Yeah, and windows.
But there were more than one family in those? No, just one. And he hauled a horse and a whole bunch of other stuff.
Huh. A sleigh and a carriage. And that was hooked to the same train?
Household stuff, yeah. Would you go on a regular train?
So he was on the same train as you, just in a different car?
It would go on a freight train. Oh.
Not necessarily a passenger. But you went on a passenger train?
Yeah. Oh. Different trains?
And we stopped in Chicago.
Uh, and visited my aunt and uncle there.
What was their name?
Aldis Brunner.
So that was in the spring of—
Aldis and his wife Minnie.
That would have been in the—
Incidentally, I had two Aunt Minnies.
Really? Huh. That would have been in the spring of 1917 then.
Uh, yeah.
And—
So did your dad and you guys both land there at the same time?
Yes.
I think he stopped there. He must have.
Because my folks did.
Huh.
They must have made arrangements to have it stopped there.
And then we got to—
Williams, eventually.
I don't know if they were all at the same time or not.
Anyhow, the first winter—
Or first, uh—
Till we got a house built.
Till my dad got a house built.
We lived in a place called Lemire House.
East of Ashley Cornelius is at France.
How do you spell Lemire?
I suppose L-E-M-I-E-R, M-E-E-R.
What did that mean? What was—
That was a—
It's a French name, I think.
That was a person's house?
Yeah.
Oh, oh.
It was just a single—
Little log house.
I saw it later.
Eventually, Cornelius told—
He had to—
Tore the end out of it so he could put his car in it.
Oh.
When he bought a car.
When he bought a car.
He didn't have a car for years and years and years and years, but he finally bought a car.
Huh.
Then, uh—
He got—
He got—
People together and they built a log house for us.
Down in our own homestead, south of Horns.
And it was just a single-room house with a loft in it.
So store stuff up above.
And stuff you weren't used in the real regular.
The loft took about a third of the house, or almost half the house of leaves.
It's like an upstairs only.
There's no way to get there.
Well, how'd you get up there?
Oh, it wouldn't have been too hard to get up there because one time Bill was—
My mother would get after him about something and he stuck his tongue out at him.
And she started after him.
And he made a jump and got ahold of the loft and started crawling up into it.
But she grabbed him by the leg and pulled him back down and put red pepper in his mouth.
But he was sorry about that.
And then the—let's see, what else is more about the hollow homestead?
The—we had a cellar hole under it, just a potato hole, dug down in the sand.
And the sand that he threw out through the window, the window went clean to the flooring within eight inches of the floor of the house.
It was quite a little window, way down low.
It was kind of nice for us kids to look out.
They just opened the window and shoveled the snow out—I mean the sand out of the cellar hole.
They did that after the house was built, dug a spud hole.
Oh.
And that pal was out there and they used to play in the sand quite a lot.
You know, one time I was out there playing in the sand and my brother George had come out and he says,
this is your birthday.
And I said, it is.
And I went in the house, is this my birthday?
Because I didn't know nothing about it, what a birthday was even.
How old were you then?
Five.
I didn't remember any birthdays before that.
I remember before that, but I don't remember any birthdays.
So you went in and—
They didn't celebrate birthdays anyhow.
They didn't.
There wasn't no cake or nothing like that, no presents or anything like that.
So it just—I guess my mother told him this was my birthday and he came out there and told me.
So you went in and asked?
Yeah.
And we used to play in that sand a lot, making roads and bridges and stuff.
You know, I was making a bridge one time by myself and George would come out and he said,
what are you doing then?
I said, making a bridge.
And I dug the ditch first to make a bridge over.
And I had some sticks and I was laying them across and he said, let me help you.
And I said, all right.
And he had the axe there and I said, chop it right there.
And he chopped my fingers and the scar is still there.
He didn't do it on purpose though, did he?
No.
No.
How old would he have been?
That poor aim with the axe.
He would have been—this was before I was five years old.
Oh.
This was when I was younger than that.
So what happened then?
Oh, I went in the house and I looked at what George did.
He said, don't tell, don't tell, don't tell.
He ran around behind the house.
Boy, that is a big scar.
Yeah, it chopped it.
He must have chopped it nearly off.
And she says, where is it?
Before she even patties my finger up, she had to go out and switch it.
That was dumb.
I guess.
You stand there bleeding to death.
Well, anyhow, she patties it up and then my dad came home.
He'd been to go into town or someplace or another.
He'd come home and I showed him the bandage on my fingers.
And look at what George did.
Blabbermouth.
Did George get a beating?
It wasn't his fault.
He had such poor aim.
Did your dad whip him too?
No.
Oh.
No, my dad was over in the garden.
He went over there afterwards.
He wasn't there right at the time it happened.
I don't know where he was.
Anyhow, he was over in the garden.
He was pulling out, or what was going to be garden, pulling out stumps.
We'd already had it plowed, though.
There were still stumps in there, and he was pulling out them stumps with a team of horses.
They weren't very big.
The whole team could pull them.
What kind of horses did you have?
Oh, they were just more ponies than they were horses.
They were light horses.
They weren't as big as this quarter horse either.
He was pulling out them stumps, and that's where I showed him where Georgey cut my finger.
I went over there to tell Blabbermouth.
Boy.
Was that across the road or something?
No, this is south of the house a ways.
Hmm.
Across the kind of a hollow.
Yeah.
And, um, all the mixed ridges is actually what it was.
So it was kind of two ridges there.
So what kind of stuff did you grow in the garden?
Oh, potatoes and carrots and rutabaggies and artichokes.
I think they brought the artichoke seed from Pennsylvania when they come.
It grew there for years, actually.
Yeah.
We were gone from that place for ten years.
We went back there, and there was artichokes still growing in the garden.
Hmm.
They grow wild.
Did you have to help work in the garden?
They were native anyhow.
They were wild.
The Indians used them.
Huh.
That's Jerusalem artichokes.
Those are the underground ones.
Yeah.
And we couldn't grow corn.
It was not long enough season, or tomatoes.
Wasn't long enough season for them.
Seasons must have season.
It's longer now, yeah.
People grow that stuff up there now and that, and they get earlier varieties.
Yeah.
And, I don't remember, oh, we had ground cherries somewhat.
And did you have cattle for milk and...
A cow, just a cow.
A cow, we had her for quite a little while, from when I really remember.
I don't know where he got the cow.
She was a red pole.
And, uh, she was a milking strain of them.
A good milker.
And, quite, I don't know, when I was about five years old, the cow disappeared.
She was gone quite a little while.
I didn't know where she was.
Here she come, wobbling into the yard, and she was sick.
And, my mother said she hadn't been milked for some time.
Like, how long was she gone?
And she started, tried to milk her, and there was just bloody milk come out of her.
And, I don't know, days.
Huh.
I don't know how long.
There she'd been poisoned, some way or another.
That's what they figured.
She'd eat some wolf poison or something, you know.
People used to poison wolves to get the bounty on them.
And, uh, anyhow, she died.
She, she'd come there during the day.
I mean, that night she died in the barn.
The neighbor came, and dad wasn't there at that time.
He was off working somewhere.
And, he'd come home and, I mean, uh, my mother got the neighbor to come and drag her out of the barn with his horses.
And, he dragged her out of the barn, and those kids were there with him, watching him, and, uh, she was a pretty big cow, and his horses wasn't very big.
He wasn't very strong.
And, he, they wanted to stop the rest after they got just a little ways from the barn.
So, he says, oh, it's far enough, anyhow.
Gross.
So, he dug a hole right there.
And, I think us kids were helping him dig, too.
And, he says, well, that's deep enough.
And, we rolled her in.
I was a great hell.
About four years old.
I bet.
I remember helping.
Thinking I was helping out.
Probably was a hindrance.
We rolled her in and covered her up.
But, it actually wasn't very deep.
And, we had her about two feet below the surface of the ground.
And, so that, she had about two feet of dirt on top.
And, it was only that night the wolves come and dug her out.
And, the next night, and the next night, and the next night.
And, the next night, and the next night.
Did you see him?
No, but we'd hear him out there fighting over it.
Wow.
And, uh...
And, uh...
And, your dad wasn't there?
No, I wasn't.
No, he wasn't there.
Where would he have been?
I don't know whether he was out in Dakota or where I work.
It must have been.
Hmm.
In Kitson County in Minnesota.
What did he do working?
Just field work.
Harvesting?
Yes.
And, anyhow, he'd come home.
The wolves were still digging up when they'd come home.
Because they'd dig there every night.
But, he took a rifle.
He had a .30-30 Winchester.
And, he took it.
And, he went walking out there like as if he was going to see all the wolves.
And, he'd never seen a wolf.
It all took off.
And, if he had just set up in the hay mow in the barn.
The window opened on that side.
Uh...
The upper window opened on that side.
He could have sit out there and just looked right down on the grave.
Just a little ways.
Less than 50 feet from that window.
I wonder what the bounty was on a wolf then.
Fifteen dollars.
That's a lot of money.
For grovelins and uh...
Six dollars for pups.
Well, he could have had quite a bit of money then off the wolves if he'd have sat up there and gotten them.
He'd only got one.
Were they cairns?
Or...
We called them wolves.
I don't know.
Then, my dad was gone another...
Oh...
Let's see.
Yep.
During...
Just about during that time...
Uh...
Lost a horse.
It uh...
We didn't know where it was.
Uh...
I think...
Both of them had taken off.
But, there was one of them which...
Didn't come back.
And...
Her mother thought we should have that horse.
Find it.
And...
Uh...
She...
Little Lantern and...
Give it to Bill.
And...
Put Georgia on the horse.
And Bill was going to lead the other horse.
Because if you have one horse, they'll win at each other.
And send him walking to hunt this horse.
And then died.
Without her?
How old were they?
Dumb!
Well, Georgie was about...
Five, I guess.
Maybe he wasn't that old.
Well, you were four.
He was a couple of years old.
He was a year and a half older.
But, I probably wasn't four.
See, some of this is when I was three years old, I remember.
So, he sent...
She sent them out.
He sent them walking in, walking, leading the horse.
And Georgie was on it riding.
And...
That's okay.
...and on the horse.
That's fine.
Well, they only got a couple of miles from home.
And they heard wolves a-hollering.
What time of year was it?
I don't know.
It must have been summer because of the graves.
They're gathering them in front of us.
Oh.
It was warmer weather.
They heard the wolves a-hollering, Georgie says, I hear dogs.
And Bill says, I do, too.
He didn't tell them they were wolves.
How old was Bill?
Not really old.
I don't know.
Probably about ten?
Maybe.
Man.
Well, he was five years older than you, so...
That wasn't very nice to send them out there in the middle of the night.
He couldn't have been quite ten.
No, you don't.
She's lucky they left.
I'd have hid the horn if it was me.
You don't.
Well, then somebody later, they went back home, and I laid in bed shivering.
Listen to them.
Because you all shared the same bed?
No.
Just the kids.
All those kids.
Yeah.
Our street kids.
And, uh, then, uh, the next day, somebody told us that their horse had been in somebody's
alfalfa field, and they went and got the horse back, and that was the end of that story.
What kind of chores?
Later, the horse died.
Well, it didn't die.
My dad shot it.
Uh, one horse kicked the other one, and she had had shoes on, and, uh, kicked it, and later
it got blood poisoned.
Hmm.
And my dad, he didn't know nothing about treating any animals, uh, and he went out and shot
the horse.
Hmm.
And he made the other one, he shot it like a house or a barn, and he made the other horse
pull it, drag it, and the horse was in the kitchen.
And she, uh, she dragged it, and she'd stop.
She'd drag away his men stopped.
Finally, he got down to where he was going to bury it down near the spruce swamp.
And, uh, we dug the hole, and that was in blueberry town, uh, because, uh, there was blueberries
right near the hole that my dad was digging, and I was going to eat them, and Georgie said,
no, it was pretty close to that dead horse.
No need to tell.
That wouldn't have hurt, though.
No.
The horse had been near him.
It might have been meaning to see.
And, uh, well, they buried him, and the wolves come and dug it up.
They must not have had...
Yeah.
I wonder if they would have...
They must have been pretty thick in that country.
Pretty hungry.
They didn't have much to eat.
Pretty hungry, yeah.
I'd have been pretty scared to send my two kids out alone at night that little.
Yeah.
They might be eaten by a wolf.
It wasn't much of anything that was right after the fire.
Uh, well, it wasn't right after the fire.
That was in 1910.
Pretty close.
Yeah.
It wasn't much less.
But, uh, it did get rid of a lot of the wildlife, uh, in the fire.
It was rather as far as it was.
And, uh...
What was the fascination with moving up?
There wasn't hardly any rabbits.
Yeah, you could have eaten.
Not many, not many birds, and partridges and grouse.
It wasn't hardly anything.
There was a few woodchucks still there.
What was the fascination with your dad moving up in that area, then?
Uh, I don't know.
Did you have relatives or anything?
No, on the timber, I guess.
Because you had to buy the land.
It was Indian land, and the Indians had to be paid a dollar and a quarter an acre for it.
So that, uh, you're...
That's when you proved up.
It took five years to prove up on the place.
You're supposed to live on it for five years.
Uh, part so much time of the year, anyhow.
And, and build something and clear five acres of land, I guess.
Which was easy because the pack had burned off the whole ridge.
Not down in the swamp.
It didn't burn.
But the whole ridge burned off, and that had been jack pine on it.
Huh.
Jack pine and Norway pine.
And, uh, that, that was pretty well cleared because the trees that had been on it was, had all fallen down, the ones that had burned.
They had already fell over.
Huh.
Well, when my dad was building the house, uh, before he built, he was, he went down there and he was cleared.
And he was working for several days on it.
And George Crompton, a neighbor that lived a mile away, he told him that, uh, light a match to it.
And he won't have to bother be picking up stuff and burning it.
Just light a match and let it go.
Well, here he went down there one morning and he stopped at Crompton's.
And on the way, or Crompton met him on the way, and he says, uh, you ain't got no picking up to do.
There was a fire went through there and it burned it all off.
I wonder who lit the fire.
Probably George.
Crompton.
So it was just, it was pretty well burned clean outside of the stumps.
They were still there.
But then you didn't have any trees around your house either, really?
Not right by the house.
There was no trees.
Huh.
There was, uh, some trees up in, uh, there was, had some brush started growing, tag alders.
There wasn't tag alders down in the hollow.
And, uh, there was some Norway pine up above our place that had never burned.
Somehow or another, the fire missed it.
Huh.
Or it didn't kill them.
It wasn't hot enough to burn or something right there.
It must have been big.
Yeah.
Oh, it must have been a really good fire.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, otherwise there were no trees at that time.
Well, what kind of stuff did you do for fun when you were a kid?
Played in the sand fire.
Did you ever go swimming or anything?
Well, one time Bill decided that, uh, we were gonna build a cabin.
And, uh, there was still a lot of logs laying around on the ground that, uh, didn't get burned
up.
And, uh, they were not very big logs, about five, six inches through.
And, uh, Bill, he, he told Georgie and me, we were his ox team.
And, uh, Bill, Georgie was Buck and I was Tom.
He'd go down and he'd hook us onto a log, and he'd say, get up Buck and Tom.
And you thought you were playing.
He was using you.
He was the driver, and we had a stick between us.
We tied the rope in the middle, and we was pulling, and we'd pull it up to where, the
house where we was gonna build this cabin.
How old were you?
I don't know.
Not very old.
Just big enough to pull mine into the stick.
But real young.
This was before I was four years old.
Hmm.
Uh, cause when I was four, Clarence was born.
This was before he was born.
Hmm.
And, uh, the logs must have been pretty light.
They've been laying there a long time on the ground.
Half rotten, I suppose.
Did you ever get the cabin built?
Did you help Bill?
Bill did it.
Well, we'd help him as much as we could.
Uh, cause George was only a year and a half older than me.
And, uh, he built this little cabin, about six by eight, maybe, or five by seven.
I'm not sure how the size of it was.
He cut a door in it, but no windows.
And, uh, can't remember what kind of roof he had on it.
Probably poles.
We didn't have lumber in them days.
Um, but anyhow.
What was the roof on your house made out of?
It was lumber, but he and he had to buy it in town.
Hmm.
Somewhere there was a sawmill.
Cause there wasn't no sawmills nearest at that time.
So you got your cabin done?
Uh huh.
You mean the little cabin?
Yeah.
We had done as much as we did.
We didn't put a door on it, but there was a door hole.
Bill was pretty smart to be able to know how to do it.
Later he didn't, he wasn't much of a carpenter.
Well, that didn't take a carpenter to build a little shag.
Uh, we never spent no nights in it or anything, but we used to go out and play in it.
And after we built that, and every kid, Bill Edwards, uh, they lived about something over four miles from us.
About four and a half miles from us.
They, uh, Bill Edwards, he decided he'd build a house.
He was, well, a little bit younger than Bill was.
So he laid up the house, but boy, there was more open spaces in it than there was, uh, logs,
because he just laid them off.
He didn't notch them or anything.
Oh, and Bill did.
Yeah.
And he built two rooms of it.
He had fish in it and it had two rooms.
You guys did or the others?
His, his did.
But it didn't have no roof on it at all.
When you wanted to get in it, you had to crawl under a hole in the bottom
or else climb over the top of the logs.
Well, one day we were up to Edwards and Bill and George had got to Arden.
And Bill said his house was better.
You mean?
Or George said his house was better.
You mean?
Or George said his house was better.
Not George.
Yeah, George.
I said Bill Edwards.
Well, one, then or the other, one of them said that his house was the best.
Oh.
And the other one said it wasn't.
And Bill said his had two rooms in it.
And they got fighting about it.
Well, George got him down and was beating him up.
Oh, I see.
Bill was the neighbor kid, not your brother Bill.
Bill Edwards, yeah.
Oh, okay.
So George and Henry.
He got him down and was beating him up until my dad and his dad come out and got him off of him.
He must have been, I see, Bill was born in 1911.
George was born in 1914.
He'd have been three years older than George.
Well, two years older.
Because he was younger than Bill, maybe a year younger than Bill.
See, he was a couple years older.
But anyhow, he got him down and was beating him up until they pulled him off.
George was a fighter.
He was just like a bulldog.
Bill.
What did he look like?
Well, he had blonde hair like my mother did.
He had blue eyes like she did.
The rest of us did.
And Clarence was the same way.
He had blonde hair, real blonde when he was little.
He was just like corn silk, nude corn silk.
And he had blue eyes too.
And Bill and Kenneth and I, we had dark hair and dark eyes.
I guess we took after the girls and they took after my mom.
What did your mom look like?
They said she was pretty.
I think she looked good enough.
Awful attractive in that country when there wasn't hardly any women.
The old-fashioned dances, like when they'd build a new house or something, they'd have a dance in it before they moved in.
I don't know if they did it at our house or not, but almost every house they'd do it.
They'd give up a dance.
And that was the only recreation they had in them days was a dance.
And that and showers for babies being born.
I don't remember about any weddings.
There wasn't any weddings because the country was almost all bachelors.
And that was in the days before the school years.
I'll have to be sure and include that.
At the dance, there'd be a couple of women, or maybe a couple of the girls.
They would be big enough to dance, and they'd get on the floor when they were pretty small.
And then all the rest would be bachelors at these dances.
And they'd dance these women to about to dance.
It'd just be from one to the other.
Women never got a rest.
Even if the women were married, they'd dance with anybody?
Oh, yeah.
Every day, the only rest they'd get was when they'd stop to eat each.
About the middle of the dance, midnight I suppose, because they'd dance till morning.
Really?
They'd stop and eat.
Everybody would bring something to eat.
And so, and they'd wake me up and give me a sandwich, and I'd be too sleepy, and they'd wake me up to give me a sandwich.
Or something middle.
I'm going to see why you don't like dances.
The one dance I remember we went to, it was daylight when we went home.
Really?
Well, did your dad dance, or did he sit here and play?
Oh, yeah, he'd dance too.
He would?
Yeah.
Um, I don't know who'd eat that, but women, I guess.
And that's your mom?
Sometimes, oh, no, they found me.
Um.
What'd your dad look like?
He was a short guy, five foot six.
Uh, he was little when he was born.
They said he was only two pounds and three ounces, or three pounds and two ounces.
I don't remember which.
Uh, they said he was the smallest kid in the country, and they'd come for miles around to see him.
Hmm.
What do you mean shoebox?
Yeah.
I remember you saying that.
He looked like a Mexican when I saw him.
That was the latest we ever come home from a dance that I remember, though, because we'd, uh,
we'd usually get home before it was daylight, especially in the wintertime.
It was cold in the winter, and didn't go to many dances in the wintertime.
Just once in a while.
Oh, it's okay.
It's all right.
You have to keep turning right now.
Oh, no, I saw him.
The neighbors.
I just need that.
Neighbor woman would rather dance than eat.
Mrs. Cook.
Mrs. Fred Cook.
Uh, one time she was going to go to a dance, and her husband wouldn't babysit the kids,
and they had two girls and a boy.
And the boy was just a baby one time.
And she was going to go to a dance over at Bankton.
And that was a long ways from where they lived.
How far?
Five, six miles.
Long ways by horse and buggy, right?
Doggin' toboggin'.
Really?
She loaded them kids on the toboggin' and took off for her to go to this dance, since her
husband wouldn't take care of the kids.
He didn't go dancing.
She didn't dance.
She didn't dance.
He was an old trapper, Indian trapper.
And, uh, she took off for her to go to this dance, since her husband wouldn't take care
of the kids.
He didn't go dancing.
She didn't dance.
He was an old trapper, Indian trapper.
But he didn't care if she went.
And the dog saw a rabbit.
I don't know why they found that rabbit.
Where he found the rabbit, because they had mostly been killed off in the fire, but they
had bred up a little bit again.
And, uh, of course, they could run down a gopher, uh, woodchuck hole, you know, to get away
from the fire.
So they was with him and some saved.
Anyhow, dogs took off after a rabbit and lost everybody.
And she gathered them all up from wherever they had spilled off at the bargain and got
going again and went to the dance.
She didn't go back home right then, no.
She wouldn't keep her away from the dance.
Wouldn't it be over by the time she got there?
Or you start a day ahead?
All night, you know.
She probably started out a day ahead.
She probably was in the daytime.
She probably started out while it was still light to go to that dance.
So she would walk and then the dogs would pull the kids on the wagon?
I suppose.
I don't know whether she rode on it as well or not.
What kind of dogs did they have?
It was a big dog.
They claimed it could pull three men on the toboggan.
And they must have had big dogs back then.
Um, I don't know what kind it was at all.
Only one dog?
Yeah, just one dog.
Huh.
Wow.
I broke a dog we had.
She was just an Airedale.
My dad could...
What was her name?
Topsy.
Oh.
And how old were you?
Oh, I was 16 years old.
Oh.
Um, when we lived in South Dakota...
Wait.
You're getting...
I'm missing a lot of things.
Well, you go ahead with this story.
It doesn't matter.
When we were in South Dakota, we lived in Aberdeen, and somebody, a neighbor, delivered milk from
door to door, and that was his milk route.
And he hired Bill to work for him, and he'd give him 20 cents each night for working.
They delivered the milk at night so that it'd be fresh milk in the morning for the people.
And how'd they deliver it?
With a wagon?
With a team and wagon.
Huh.
And we told Bill about an Airedale dog, a pup, the pups that was for sale.
And they were for sale for two dollars, and old Bill was interested in getting a pup.
And so, the guy, he worked enough to get the two dollars.
That would be ten nights for this pup.
And they got this dog, and she was just a cute little pup when he got her.
And one day, a water wagon come around.
The water wagon used to sell, there's a wooden tank on a wagon, and they'd go around selling
people soft water, because the water otherwise was hard water that you'd get.
Huh.
And they'd buy soft water to wash with.
They'd buy so much of our own.
And here, that wagon was going along, and this pup was in the way of the wagon, and it
ran right over it.
Pushed it down into the dirt.
Because the funny thing, it didn't kill us.
It didn't even seem to make it sick.
Huh.
Must have been pretty soft ground.
Must have been.
Well, then, when we, after living in South Dakota a couple of years, my dad.
I thought you were telling me about training that dog.
Oh.
Well, this same dog, we had all Pennsylvania, and then, after living in Pennsylvania seven
years, we went back to Minnesota to the homestead, because the depression was on, and it was
no good.
You couldn't get a job, and the job you got didn't pay.
Only paid the rent on the house, the coal company house, and Paul said, let's go back
to the homestead.
So, we went back to the homestead.
When I saw it?
Yeah.
Drove back there, and we had a 28 Chevy at that time, and we stayed there two years, and
then went to Indiana.
He sold the place back to the government, because they wanted to make a state forest
out of it, and, uh, got $10, no, $5 an acre, I think, he got back out of it.
Hardly enough to pay the taxes on it.
And, uh, that's for 160 acres.
And, uh, this dog, while we were in Minnesota, I said, we'll get her away from the store.
That's all right.
Uh, I decided to break her to the harness.
Well, Bill had already used her in harness.
We used to haul coal in Pennsylvania with her on a sled.
So she must have been pretty old by then.
Well, that's awful old.
Uh, so...
And you were how old about this time?
About 15?
I was 16 then.
Okay.
Yeah, she was getting old.
I didn't realize she was that old.
Oh, well, she wouldn't have been very old.
Well, she was only about 15 or 16 when she died.
Uh, I, uh, I made harness for her, and, uh...
Out of what, leather?
No, out of rawhide.
Uh-huh.
Frank Wyman had, uh, got a beef from Spina's, and had it butchered.
He had Spina's butchered.
And, uh, he wanted to hide, and he'd give me rawhide enough to make a harness.
And I made harness on her, and we used to use her some.
And then I, uh, she had pups right after we went to Minnesota.
And, uh, they looked so cute.
Uh, Clarence and I were the only ones there in Minnesota at that time.
Where were you?
They had gone to Pennsylvania.
They dropped you off and left?
Yeah.
And, uh, I don't know if that was the first or second time they did that.
A couple of times they took off and leave.
Your mother and father, or?
Laura.
Oh, okay.
Well, we haven't gotten to that section yet, but...
We haven't gotten to that part yet.
But you were there by yourself.
This is awful, this giant...
That's okay, but that, it doesn't matter.
And, um...
You were there by yourself that winter after...
She had these pups, and they looked cute.
So I saved three of them.
Man, how many did she have?
I think six or eight.
Huh.
And I killed the rest of them.
And, uh...
How did you decide which ones to save?
There?
I...
I...
I just took a lightly look at ones, I think.
All of them are males.
And, uh...
I wasn't gonna keep any of them, I guess...
Guess at first.
But...
A, uh...
Art Bixby come along, and he wants one.
And, uh...
Crompton's.
Crompton's one.
Crompton's one.
I think Howard had three...
I don't know what happened to that one.
The other two...
They didn't last long.
Maybe Art Bixby ate here.
Did he eat dogs?
He had everything else.
He says he...
Anything that was raised...
I mean, anything he caught on his trap line, he tried.
And...
What?
It's a great thing.
I don't know what happened to that one.
The other two...
They didn't last long.
Maybe Art Bix...
Maybe Art Bixby ate here.
Did he eat dogs?
He had everything else.
He says he...
Anything that was raised...
I mean, anything he caught on his trap line, he tried.
And he says, even weasels, he says, they weren't bad.
Skunks, they preferred skunks because they could render lard from them and use them.
This is an awful story, isn't it?
No, it's not.
It's good.
This is just the beginning, Dave.
This may go on for a couple of years.
But anyhow, this pup grew up, and he grew up, and he was bigger than his mother.
And I broke him to harness when he was a puppy.
I started him off in the summertime.
And he was born in the spring sometime, and I started, I made a harness on him, a little
harness, and I put it on him, and I'd start him.
And I had a little four-wheel wagon I hooked him up to and started training.
By wintertime, he was trained.
I could get on the sled, and he was a pretty well-grown man, and I could get on the sled
and tell him to go ahead, and he'd go pull me.
What was his name?
I forgot.
I don't know what we named him.
I wonder what kind of dog he was mixed with.
Uh, I don't know what I, he was black, and, uh, or partly black, where the air deal was
around.
Uh, one time, Clarence was, had gone to the store, and the dog went with him, and he'd
never come home.
Somebody probably killed him up there, or he went in the pit and died.
He had pits every once in a while, real bad.
What kind of pit?
Some kind of runnin' pits.
They'd run and howl and go crazy, and, until, then they'd drop over and just kick.
And that's why he was cutting white bread.
Kicking in the air.
Is it?
Uh, Donna says it's from, Mommy says it's from feeding them white bread.
Huh.
Uh, Tops had got them too.
They'd get so wormy that the worms was about ready to eat the dog up.
Just cause they ate that stuff.
Our neighbor, Frank Wyman, he was an old trapper that lived, uh, our closest neighbor.
Now, he was still your neighbor when you were a teenager up there, too?
No.
