My dad worked nights. I guess that was the only job you could get was working nights.
That's not good for a man to work at night. In the evening, his dad should be at home and he should sleep with his wife at night instead of speaking in the daytime.
And she's up at ground and otherwise. Is it not good?
No, I don't think it is good.
And she, right at that time, roller skating was a craze. Before that it wasn't.
And they had a swim roller skating and got started. And she got a set of skates and went roller skating.
So she's going in the evening?
In the daytime, I guess. I don't know when she was. She wasn't there all the time.
And you guys would just pretty much run wild and she'd go roller skating.
Maybe she didn't anymore. I don't know. Anyhow, she married too young.
How old was she when she married your dad?
She was 17, I guess. She didn't have enough things going on when she was a kid. And so she roller skated.
Met a new man? Do you think she met him roller skating?
I don't know if she met him roller skating or not. I don't think he roller skated.
Anyhow, we left there.
Yeah, but what about the lawyer and all that stuff?
Oh, the lawyer. Yeah, the lawyer.
This was in the spring when you lived in another house?
I guess people think you've got to have a lawyer to get a divorce.
And so she got her lawyer and she asked my dad if she could have the place in Minnesota, the homestead.
He had just proved up on it and went and left.
Paid up the dollar and a quarter an acre that you had to prove up on it and you had to pay that for the Indians.
And she said, yeah, you can have it. She just wanted to be rid of everything, I guess.
So she'd give her a place, signed a deed for her.
But she turned around and gave that to the lawyer to get for doing the divorce, give the place to her.
Man, that's a pretty good deed for back then.
He was up there waiting to hear the rest of his story.
After the divorce was granted and William was already in Pennsylvania, he had a car and he drove up to Minnesota to look at his ranch.
The lawyer?
Yeah.
He got down in there in the swamp and he got the car stuck and he had to get George Compton.
George Compton had a Fordson tractor and he went and pulled him out but he didn't pay him.
He didn't like the place so he never did register.
So it still belonged to your dad?
So it still belonged to my dad.
So all he did do is pick it right up and he just paid taxes and went on with it.
He thought that place didn't amount to anything at all.
Did you tell about the lawyer coming there?
Yeah.
He come to our place one evening and my dad, he was working days during that time.
Because he had just come home and he had his shirt off and he was washing up.
And somebody come in the yard and said, Mrs. Bruner.
Your mom lived there still?
No, she wasn't there at the time.
Well, she was there some of the time but she wasn't there right then.
And she wasn't dead about it, I think.
Anyhow, he went out and says, who was this that wants Mrs. Bruner?
And he says, I'm her attorney.
And my dad hit him.
Because my dad had walked right up to him before.
And he said, who is this that wants Mrs. Bruner?
And he'd give him one and a jaw, two.
One and then two.
And down, flew backwards and hit the ground.
But it didn't knock him out.
He jumped up and grabbed his hat because his hat was the last thing to hit the ground.
And so down, he'd sneak in under Paul's hands and grab that hat and run away with it.
He said, I'll have you arrested.
And my dad says, go ahead.
That really made me proud of my dad.
I bet.
Because you were old enough to know what was going on, didn't you?
Well, I kind of knew a little about it.
My old life is about all of that.
So then, wait.
It looked like I was a guy when they weren't minding.
Is it running?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, well, this Bill Packard that my mother married, later married, evidently they were friends.
The whole family was friends with us.
They later went out and bought a farm somewhere out in South Dakota, out from Aberdeen.
Somewhere, I don't know where it was.
Because I was in summer school and my folks went out there to visit them at this farm.
Before this, before the divorce?
Oh, yeah.
Some time before.
Oh.
And, um, see, this farm must have been quite a little ways out from Aberdeen.
Because later, see, he worked in Aberdeen and evidently was pretty far to be going back
and forth to work.
He stayed with me.
He did?
Yeah.
Is this why your dad was working nights?
Eh, it's probably a real bad situation.
Probably not a good idea.
But he, but I don't know whether he worked days or nights.
Anyhow, he stayed with us for a while there.
I don't know how long or anything about it.
I don't remember.
But it wasn't, it wasn't something, you know, it wasn't something they'd just pick up right away.
It was, it was kind of a long thing.
It's been ongoing.
It's going on.
The reason he stayed there, evidently my dad said, yeah, he could stay there.
Uh, let me get through these.
Um, was, he evidently left his family out on the farm.
Uh, too, too far to be going back and forth.
Yeah.
A situation like that, I don't know.
Yeah.
Pretty dumb idea.
My dad was taking a chance.
Yeah.
Well then, they moved back to town.
I think they rented a house in town and this whole family was living in town.
And, uh, sometime or another they wanted me to take something down there to his place.
And Bill says, well, he'd take me down there on the bicycle, where they were living down below us.
And Bill, he didn't, he didn't want to go right to the house, so he left me off a little ways from the house.
And I went in the house and gave it to him in the paper, newspaper, I believe.
Anyhow, they invited me to supper.
And I said, no, I gotta go.
He said, we're having cherry pot pie.
And I said, cherry pot pie?
What's that?
He said, I'd never heard it.
He said, oh, it's good.
Stay and eat with us.
Was Bill waiting for you?
Bill was waiting for me.
So I said, no, no, I had to go.
And I didn't tell him Bill was waiting for me, because he had taken me down.
And every day I went back and I told Bill, maybe they invited me to supper, but I didn't stay.
They had cherry pot pie.
And I never have eaten cherry pot pie.
I wonder what it was.
I don't know.
They used cherries and made pot pie, you know.
Maybe it was just a minute.
You'd go in squares about that big.
Maybe it was just like a cherry cobbler or something like that.
Maybe.
And, um.
Huh.
Oh, while we were in Aberdeen, Bill gave me an old bicycle frame that had just had the wheels on it and the handlebars, and that was all.
And I'd push it down the sidewalk, and they didn't have a paved road at that street at that time, and push it down the sidewalk and then get on it and just ride.
It didn't have a seat, but I just straddled a bar.
And I was so proud that I could ride a bike.
And you're a...
So it didn't have pedals either?
I passed...
I passed...
No.
I passed my school teacher with it.
And she says, so you ride a bicycle too?
And I said, yes.
And I just got it in front of her.
And I turned right in front of her because the sidewalk, you know, wasn't very wide.
And the bicycle broke in two.
I fell down off the thing when it fell into, and she just smiled and stepped around it, around us.
And I went dragging the thing back in the yard, and boy, Georgia was mad because Bill had already given that to him, that bicycle.
And then took it, and he got mad at him, and he took it away and gave it to me.
Was that the one you'd fill those tires with corn?
Uh-uh.
That was in Pennsylvania.
I filled the corn in the tires.
Well, then you went to Penn...
Okay, let's go to Pennsylvania now.
Okay.
On the way to Pennsylvania, we stopped in Chicago and visited my Uncle Otis and their family.
And...
Did they live in town?
Yeah, I lived right in Chicago.
And, uh...
Of course, Chicago's a big place.
You can have this.
All right.
And, uh...
We stopped in Chicago and...
My aunt and my cousins, they, you know, they treated us royally, and they wanted to keep us kids there.
Any of us that wanted to stay there, they wanted us.
They already had twelve, ten kids.
Two died.
That was your cousins?
Yeah.
Uh...
Yeah, they had twelve kids.
Now, is that on your mom's side or your dad?
Two boys and dad, my dad.
And my dad's half-brother.
Oh.
Um...
He...
His mother died when...
When she was quite young, and...
Um...
He was...
He was pretty young.
Him and his sister.
And...
Their mother died, and then later, my dad married...
I mean...
My grandfather married my dad's mother.
Uh...
Oh, and had more.
Uh...
And had...
Uh...
More kids.
Four more kids.
And that's Clara and...
And all that.
Yeah, my dad...
My dad was the oldest.
And then...
Uh...
Walter...
And then Clara.
Huh?
Walter was bigger in here.
Uh...
My dad...
And then Walter...
And then Clara.
And then Sarah.
Hmm.
So they wanted to keep you.
What, were they rich or something?
Well...
They figured a few more kids didn't matter.
Okay.
Well, I suppose they called you...
They didn't have no mama.
Well, some of the kids was...
Uh...
Already grown and had jobs.
Uh...
But they were still at home.
Huh.
They must have had a big old house.
They were girls.
They was all home at that time.
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Well, they had a gang...
Uh...
Uh...
All girls, but Agust.
He was the youngest one.
Hmm.
Uh...
He's still living.
He, uh...
Uh...
Louise...
Doors...
Three youngest kids.
Uh...
They're still living.
He's gonna have Alzheimer's and do not know nothing, I guess.
And he is a health bad, too.
And...
too. Louise is in an old folks home or a retirement home of some kind. June lives in Arkansas and I want to go see her.
You do? Yeah. She called you up? Really? Yeah, she called. She said it's easier to call than to write because her eyes are real bad.
How old is she? She's 80, I guess.
Well, that's not too awful far away. Well, anyhow, while I was in Chicago, they'd give us money and let us buy whatever we wanted and I'd gone to a candy store and bought some candy and a little old airplane, boy airplane, and I was going
home and I had a roller skate on, only just one because they didn't have two around there to use.
And I had this roller skate on and I was skating along on that. I hit a rough spot on the pavement where
the one was higher than the other and I spilled it and opened this up over my eye.
Well, you have a scar then, don't you? Yeah. And that's that chunk of skin hung down in front of my eye like a blind man's patch.
And that and the blood in it too.
I went back and they got a doctor to come and they'd go to house calls and he sewed it up.
How old were you?
He put stitches on. Oh, I was eight.
How'd they numb you?
Didn't.
They didn't?
They didn't do nothing like that.
Did you start howling, do you remember?
No.
I guess that was nothing compared to all the stuff you'd already done.
And I don't know how long we stayed there at their place, just a few days I think. I don't think it was
very long. And then we went on to Pennsylvania. And we lived with our grandparents.
Well, that's the only thing he knew what to do with us, I guess. Took us there and boy,
did we trouble them. And finally, I think they put pressure on him in the ground.
I was closer to his work. He was working on a road company, a middle building road.
Who helped watch the kids though? You went to school and
you tried to take care of yourselves or what?
No. Oh, they'd take care of the kids.
Now this is at the house where Sarah Jane lives?
Yeah. Almost right away, Clara, my Aunt Clara, she wanted Clarence and Kenneth.
She figured they could take better care of them than we could.
Did she live there?
No, she lived in Scottsdale. That's about 16 miles away.
She had 10 kids.
She never had no live kids. She had a couple of miscarriages.
Oh, they're the ones with Dr. Kenneth?
Yeah. They took Clarence and Kenneth up there to their place and they bought them clothes.
And he worked in a steel mill in Scottsdale.
How old were they then?
Well, Clarence would have been...
Three?
Four.
I mean, Kenneth was...
Yeah. Well, he wasn't three yet, I guess. Or was about three.
And Clarence would have been five, I guess. Or going to be five. He was only four.
And Clarence, he didn't like to be shut in a gate and they didn't have any yard.
Well, they had a little bit of a backyard. But there was a garage back there, but very little ground.
They had a sidewalk alongside of the house. It was a shotgun house. Long and narrow.
Just fenced in between the other two places on the other side.
You couldn't walk along on the one side, but the other side had a sidewalk on it.
Just a little bit of a sidewalk.
It's possible that that's where Margaret lives now.
In that house. Anyhow, I don't remember the numbers.
They had to wire the gate shut so Clarence couldn't get out.
And he'd want to chase off someplace or another.
And they had just bought him a new set of shoes.
And he stood there at that gate to kick the toes out of his shoes.
His new shoes.
Well, that's pretty mean just to give your kid away.
I mean, he probably missed you guys.
Oh, I don't know if he missed us, but it was something different.
Being under supervision.
More so.
Anyhow, they fetched him back.
They kept Kenny and adopted him after he was about 22 or three or four years old.
Adopted him that late?
Yeah.
Why didn't they adopt him when he was little?
Maybe my dad didn't give him permission, so he gave his own self permission to be adopted.
I don't know.
Did you have much contact with him then after that?
Hardly none, no.
Just occasionally we'd see him.
They wouldn't let him come to our place unless they were along with him.
And they'd come there once, I think.
Only once?
I think so.
When was it we gave him your toys?
That's when we gave them all the stuff.
Well, tell us about that.
Oh, we were, we always, we all liked Kenny.
We'd give him stuff, he already had more toys than he knew what to do with, but we'd give him other stuff when he was there.
You mean after his name?
And I had a little bit of monkey made out of a peach seed that I had got from a kid.
I'd let him ride my bicycle and he, he'd give me that monkey for riding, riding my bike.
And I'd give that to him.
That was my most prized possession, that monkey.
Later I, I said, do you still have that money, monkey?
He says, no, I got broke.
And he turned into a brat.
Well, no, I don't think he did.
But they give it, it's funny, he wasn't spoiled.
He wasn't?
Yeah, funny, he wasn't.
But he would have probably died if we'd have been taken care of.
We lived a rough life.
My dad got rented a house at Turkey Town.
Incidentally, it's still standing, but it's been made into a wagon shed or something now.
It was a log house, but we didn't know it was a log house.
It was covered over with board siding.
Bill told me afterwards, did you know that it was a log house?
And I said, no, I didn't either, but it was a log house.
And later they tore that siding off and it's not still a log in building.
Sarah Jane took me by there to see it.
Preserved it, that's nice.
Boy, how's this coming?
It's doing good.
Uh, in Turkey Town it was rough.
I wouldn't want to put in a summer like that.
Tell us about it.
That's still in Pennsylvania.
Yeah, Bill, he was my boss.
Your brother?
Yeah.
How old were you guys?
Well, this was just in 1925, nine years old then, that summer.
Bill figured we should have a dam, build a dam.
And there was a creek on that place.
And, uh, it was down in the pasture.
And so he and I built a dam.
He was the constructor, contractor of it.
And I was the worker.
He, he'd help.
Yeah, they called Bill.
He'd help.
And, uh, we built this dam and it got to be about two and a half feet of water in it.
That was about the highest it was.
One day we were down there by the dam and he seen a brown snake crawl into that water.
Oh, he said, take this stick and go in there and chase it out.
He said, give me a stick.
I got down in the water and I was scared of it again.
And it bit, I was scared of snakes in them days.
Was it a water monster, you think?
No, it wasn't.
It was just a water snake.
And probably a red-bellied water snake.
And I started waving that stick in front of me.
And we walked the lace of the thing and then walked back the length of it.
Sweating the whole ass.
Yeah.
And we couldn't see anything come out.
So Bill didn't want to swim in there with a snake.
One time he seen a snake going into our spring where we got our water from.
There was spring down the hill from the house and he was going to have to get that snake out of there.
So he pulled the pipe out of the spring where, and oh, he couldn't see the snake in the spring,
in the open little pool where the spring was.
So he pulled that pipe out and the snake was in the pipe and he dumped it out of there.
We dumped it out of the pipe.
Well, while he had started working in that spring to get that snake,
he sent me to get eggs.
Paul had left 50 cents to go get some eggs, a dozen eggs.
I don't know how much they were.
And it must have been 50 cents a dozen.
Pretty high though for them days, it seems like.
Anyhow, he gave us a half a dollar.
He gave Bill a half a dollar.
This was before he went to work and I didn't even know anything about it.
Bill used to get up and get breakfast for him in the morning.
Bill was handy that way.
Paul would have starved death if it hadn't been for Bill.
And he'd starved death if he had to eat my cooking.
Why did you do a lot of cooking then?
The army did croak.
Well, one time, I'm kind of missing up on the story, but one time he come home and I had some
bologna on the table for him.
Where'd you get the bologna?
Bologna, I guess.
And some bread, nothing, no butter, nothing, there wasn't nothing.
And he just looked at that and laid down on the floor and groaned.
Yeah, just looking at it.
No, he wouldn't have done well on my cooking.
Did you make the bread?
No, I was bought and bread.
Anyhow, um...
You think you'd get the eggs?
Bill, instead of him going to get them eggs, like my dad, you know, I figured he'd be going
to get the eggs.
He'd give me the money and told me to go get the eggs.
Well, I went to this farm where we'd got eggs before, or they did, and they said they didn't
have any eggs.
So I went back and went down to the spring and said they didn't have no eggs.
Well, he says, go on back up to the house, hurry up, there's beans a-cookin'.
There was a fence around this house, because it was right in a pasture, everything else was pasture.
It was a little bit of a garden there, and a pear tree in the corner of the garden, and
uh, I just got to this fence, to the gate, and I was just opening up the gate, and boy,
I smelled them beans burning.
I had that 50 cents in my hand when I was left the spring.
Must have been still in my hand when I got to that gate, and I smelled them beans burning.
I must have thrown the thing away and dashed into the house, because I disappeared.
I don't know, well, I did without 50 cents, and I must have thrown it away.
I got in there and got them beans off the stove, and put some water in them, and stirred them back up again.
I burned more beans at that place.
One day, Bill, we ate a lot of beans, I guess, or attempted to.
One day, we started cooking some beans, and Bill had started them off.
And then he was doing something else, and he says, watch them beans.
And Bill had an idea that we could fire it with just paper and stove, and there was a back room in that house that was just loaded with paper.
There was paper all over the floor and everywhere paper, and Bill said we'll clean that room out by burning it up and using it for cooking with.
So I'd be fired it, and then it would go out, and then I'd fire it, and then it would go out.
Personally, no one burned the beans.
About that time, Bill come back.
He says, we'll plant them.
He went out and dug home.
And buried him.
