I didn't see her again until they were married.
So they chased off and got married?
Yeah. He bought her a dress, a modern dress,
the old-fashioned stuff that she wore.
And, see, I come home from school, and Annie Sturczyk, she said,
you got you a new mom, and she whispered to me.
She pointed toward the other room, and I went in the other room,
and she was sitting in there, and I went in,
and I guess I said hi to her or something or another,
and she whispered to me, and I just kind of looked her over
and went back in the kitchen where Annie was.
And then that was Annie's last day of work.
Did you tell her you wished she was going to stay longer?
No, I didn't tell her.
I never told her how much I appreciated her.
You know, boy, sure, sure, sure.
She's probably dead a long time ago.
Hmm.
You never know.
Maybe she's still living.
She'd be up in the 90s or 100s.
You said she was Bill Bain.
Yeah.
She'd only be about.
Well, in her 90s.
Close to 90s.
80s, too.
80s, okay.
She might be alive.
Boy, if she was alive, I'd hunt her up.
I wouldn't even know what her name was now.
Ask Sarah Jane to look her up.
She'd probably know who she was.
Uh, she may be.
I don't know if she keeps track of me now.
How would you spell her last name?
Do you have any idea?
I don't know.
Maybe like it sounds.
Is it Sir Check?
Yeah.
Probably be at the C, wouldn't you think?
Well, that was her last day.
Paul paid her off, and she was saving her money to get married.
To what?
This waitress was talking about the three dollars a week.
Huh.
So now then what?
I never met her folks outside of KB, her younger sister.
Right.
I knew where they lived, and that's about all I knew Laura.
So then enter Laura.
Yeah, I knew Laura.
Laura.
I don't know.
Sometime or another, Lala was born.
Shortly after they were married?
Well, not shortly.
Well, I mean…
A year, maybe a year or two.
Maybe one.
Wouldn't have been two.
When did they get married?
Yeah, how old were you when they got married?
Twelve, I guess.
Eleven.
Eleven.
Eleven.
I guess I was eleven.
Was Georgie back then when they got married or was he still gone to the hospital?
Yeah, he was there.
What did he think of her?
I don't know.
He didn't think too much of her.
He…
Like when she tore the hot nails out of his shoes, she was trying to whip it, whip a crippled
kid.
Did she do anything around there?
Did she cook?
Yeah, she cooked.
Did you guys get to eat any of it?
Did she share?
Oh yeah.
She shared?
Yeah, she shared.
I mean share it.
You got a portion.
And that was it?
Yeah.
But your dad said one night, all he knows how he's cooked is rotten.
That was in Indiana.
Well, tell me what he said anyway.
In Indiana, it was kind of a stormy day in the winter time and we were just laying around
the house and not doing much.
I did all the chores there.
My dad got some kind of icky dima all over it and he didn't do nothing, no chores.
I'd do all the chores and milk and take care of the stock.
He said, what are we going to have for supper?
He says, fried potatoes, I guess.
Don't you know how to cook anything but fried potatoes?
She'd like fried potatoes.
She never got tired of fried potatoes so that we'd eat them real often.
She'd pour vinegar on hers.
I don't know how that would have tasted because I never tried it.
The only time I appreciated them fried potatoes was the last meal that I ate at their place
before I'd run away from home in Indiana.
I loaded up on fried potatoes.
I didn't know where the next meal was going to come.
You knew you were leaving?
Yeah.
They didn't know though.
No.
I told him ahead of time.
Well, continue on from like, go ahead.
We've stayed in Pennsylvania long enough.
You'll probably go back telling stories later on anyway.
So, you went to Indiana after Pennsylvania?
No, after Pennsylvania.
Oh.
Yeah, depression was real bad.
Well, did you ever work with your, we never talked about this, did you ever work with
in the mines or do anything like that?
Uh-uh.
I'm glad that we left there.
That would have been my next job, is in the mine.
That was the only work that was.
Did you have a job at all before you left Pennsylvania?
Uh-uh.
No?
And then tell about leaving Pennsylvania.
Oh, Clarence had a job like that.
When he came here.
Clarence, there was Paul Huffman.
That was Laura's brother-in-law.
He got the, he got the, he got, no, not, well, he was, I suppose 50.
He seemed old to me.
Um, he got the job of, he cutting the hay and putting it up on the company's property.
Uh, that had fields.
And, uh, he, uh, he tried to get me to work for him and I said, no, I didn't want to work for him.
And, uh, Clarence, uh, Clarence says, yeah, he'd work for him.
How much were they paying?
He didn't get anything.
How?
Oh, Huffman wanted to work for nothing.
And all the rest of the kids shied away from him, too.
And they knew he wouldn't pay them.
And, uh, they, uh, oh, uh, Huffman, I went down there one day when they were working and he says, go down there where, uh, Red is.
He didn't call him Red, though.
Who was that?
Red was his boy.
His oldest kid.
But he didn't call him Red.
What was his name?
I forgot his first name.
Well, anyhow, other people called him Red.
Yeah.
And he told me to go down there and get that folk.
Uh, it was down there.
A fork.
A fork.
And so I went down there and talked a little bit with Red and took the fork, this extra fork that was down there.
Took it back up to give it to the old man.
And he says, no, you're supposed to doodle that hay down there.
And I said, no, I ain't doodling any of the hay.
And I stuck the fork in the ground and left.
And Clarence was working for him still?
He had worked till he found out he wasn't going to get paid anything.
A day or two or more?
Uh, I guess a couple days.
Anyhow, he'd come home and maybe a longer nap.
And he was just, uh, right after he got the job.
He said, did you ever have a job?
And I said, no.
He said, I got a job.
It didn't pay off anything.
Didn't you tell me a story about throwing corn cobs or something at somebody's house and you guys got blamed for it?
That was in Pennsylvania, wasn't it?
Yeah.
Well, tell about that.
Oh, it was one time.
It was right around Halloween.
And we, uh, they had what they call a corn night and a cabbage night.
And they had different nights of Halloween.
I don't know.
Soap night.
And where they'd go around soap and windows.
And, and then the corn night, we'd go down to the corn crib, the company corn crib and get some corn and shell it.
And then throw it at people's windows.
And I, I told the kids, come on, let's throw a lot of it at our place.
We had a lot of poultry.
We had a lot of poultry.
We had a lot of poultry.
They went all around the neighborhood, our geese did, eating the corn.
They followed the trail.
Anyhow, we had all them corn cobs.
And, uh, we got to throw them at a guy's fence.
He had a paling fence, uh, made out of, uh, wood.
Palings.
What does that mean?
How'd it go?
Well, about one by threes or something.
And now they nailed up on, on just two pieces going.
Oh.
Out across.
They nailed them low on that fence.
And we were throwing them at his fence.
And, well, some of the kids got to throwing them at his house.
And...
The cops?
No.
The cops, yeah.
The cops.
And, uh, he, uh, the next day, he came up there and, and he was, he kept looking at me,
and, like, as if I was a ringleader or something.
There was guys, there was a grown man doing it.
And, uh, he's just, boys, boys throwing the house rocks.
I don't think anybody would throw rocks, but they might have.
You were telling your dad this?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did he get in trouble?
No.
No.
He just passed it off.
He figured he was kind of a crazy old guy.
Well, tell me about some more pranks you did.
Did you ever get into any trouble?
Pranks?
Well, Andre knows.
I had an apple mop.
Well, then where did I get this streak?
Well, I don't think.
I can't remember.
Did you ever get feeling any apples?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Well, let's hear about some of that.
Well, let's hear about it.
Before, was that before?
Did you have anybody around?
You said, well...
Oh, well, we started that in South Dakota.
Well, tell us then.
Uh, well, my dad, uh, he got a toast match.
A lump of coal fell on it.
And when the coal engines, you know, they'd run that coal from the coal cars up into the elevator.
And then they'd just sort of come down gravity into the engine, in the coal engines.
And he, uh, had a lump of coal hitting him on the toe and smashed his big toe.
Have they lumped the coal to the beach?
I don't know, but it smashed it pretty bad.
So they put big pieces?
They took him to the hospital.
Yeah.
And I remember going to see him in the hospital, and they had a cage light under the cover,
covers, and they had a light bulb in there to keep his foot warm, or his feet warm.
And, uh, I looked under there, but I couldn't see nothing.
They were just bandages.
He was in the hospital, and right at that time my mother got sick.
She claimed that she had a...
Oh, this was before you went to Minnesota, then?
No, this was after we'd been to Minnesota.
This was in...
Oh, this was in North Dakota.
This was in South Dakota.
Oh, okay.
Uh, she told me afterwards that she had a miscatch.
Oh, really?
And, uh, if she'd have told me then, I wouldn't have known what she was talking about.
But later, you know, after I was in the Army, she told me she had a miscatch.
Well, anyhow, she was in the hospital, too.
Well, they had made arrangements for a neighbor woman to come in and cook something once a day for us.
For just some kids?
Yeah.
Yeah.
She'd come in there, and on the stove here was a kettle of soup.
And we had created gardens, got all kinds of stuff to make this soup.
She figured she didn't need, wasn't needed around there, and she'd never come back.
Really?
You kids just made the soup?
Bill did.
Bill was a cook.
Bill was always a good cook.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Tell me about these raves.
We could carry enough to make a soup.
Onions and beans and stuff.
Just different vegetables.
You ever gave that?
No.
People surely could tell somebody's been in the garden.
Yeah, but somebody needs food.
That's not as big as Bill's.
One time Bill, he wanted a jack-o-lan for Halloween.
And we went down by a grocery store where they had pumpkin sauce.
Is it the North Dakota?
No, it's the South Dakota.
I would actually call it.
No, it's the South Dakota.
I would actually call it.
And we had one of these little wagons.
And we had one of these little wagons.
And there was the neighbor came in, man.
That's not as big as Bill's…
One time Bill, he wanted a jack-o-lan for Halloween.
And we went down by a grocery store where they had pumpkin sauce.
Was it the North Dakota?
grocery store where they had pumpkins out and we had one of these little wagons and so there was
a neighbor kid that he wanted a black lantern too. Actually there were Hubbard squash that they had out there and Bill had a gunny sack on the wagon and there were maybe a couple of them and his wagon parked here with squash and Bill watched
there was nobody around and nobody looking and he took one and put it in the wagon and had the kid jump on it and he went to share another one.
Somebody had to sit on it. It was all planned out. He only took one at a time and he'd come back and go out the other. I don't know why he didn't take two at the same time.
He risked you coming back. Maybe the wagon didn't have any side problems. He couldn't hold on.
He was riding on it. Anyhow, one of the stolen Hubbard squash and Bill took it and he'd give my mother some kind of excuse for it. He found that squash.
And she said, oh, I'll make pies out of it. He said, couldn't we make pies out of it and still keep the shell? Which I think she could have. But she said, no, no.
It would have been hard. Yeah. She couldn't do a cat. She wanted to, you know, if we could follow it out. I think she could have.
Maybe. It would be a lot more work. Yeah. Anyhow, we had pies.
Were they good? Oh yeah. She was a good cook. Really? Yeah. I wonder if Bill enjoyed those pies.
She had cooked for Frank Lyman in his camp. Really? In Minnesota. In this history that they made up, you know, in the Charlottesville, her mother had cooked for her.
Him and Mrs. Spina had cooked for him. That's for my mother. She didn't know about her cooking for him, too.
So she cooked for a bunch of mine? At the time, she was cooking for, well, not a bunch. I don't need half-qualified.
Oh. You could have taken her to work, so you could have gone and gone to somebody's camp.
My dad, uh, my dad worked for Frank at the same time. Huh. Yeah.
Well, tell me, did you do any apple market in Pennsylvania? I like these kind of stories.
Well, one time some neighbor kids… Good, good interior.
These neighbor kids, they call them Mondoc was their name. I call them Modoc. Uh…
They were Hungarian or something. And their dad didn't work. He claimed he was sick. But he'd make whiskey.
And sell whiskey. There was more money than that, so he wasn't working.
Did you ever see him set up? He lived in a company house, and he worked just enough to keep him from firing him and running him out of that house,
because there was always supposed to be workers living in houses.
And, uh, but he'd make, he'd make liquor. And, uh…
Just whiskey? These kids, he didn't make them go to school. Well, it was a pick handle.
That's what they called a pick handle, because he'd had a kick, too.
Yeah. What was it made of?
Yeah. Some kind of…
Corn. Oh.
It would be corn liquor.
Yeah. Wild turkey.
He didn't make these kids go to school. One of them couldn't hear. The older boy, he couldn't hear. So, he didn't go to school.
And, uh, these other younger kids than him, they'd just go to school just a little bit.
Uh, they were out more than they was in. And, one time, I met him on a weekend. Uh, this, this one that couldn't hear, he liked me real good, and I liked him.
Jim, uh, Jim, Jim. Uh, I don't even remember the other's names. Uh, he, he'd come down there and said they were going to go get peaches.
So, I went along, and they knew where…
Did you know what get peaches meant?
They knew, they knew where every fruit tree and things was in the country, and cornfields and all that stuff, popcorn.
They, they, they just scrounged around. They'd go around pulling a little wagon. It was smaller than an ordinary kid's wagon.
But, they'd go around pulling this wagon around. They didn't worry about truant officers. There wasn't them. Um, they, uh, scrounging.
How many kids were there? Um, I don't know. I guess about six altogether.
But, one of them, a girl, an older girl worked out somewhere. And, um, she wasn't very old, but she should have been still in school, I would think.
But, she worked out someplace, and so she was gone for a long time, or seemed like a long time.
Probably wasn't a long time. She was gone, and then she came back and stayed home, and we took it home for the rest of them. The mother would see.
So, you were going to get peaches?
Yeah. So, we got up there, where these kids said there was a peach tree.
Did you know what get peaches meant?
Well, they said get peaches, and, uh, this peach tree, I don't think it had been planted there.
It was just somebody throwing a seed there, and they grew it. It was in a pasture feed.
And I had a...
Should we stop?
A good story.
A good story.
Well, did you just think of a new one? You started draining.
Well, we started...
We went up there where this peach tree was growing in this field.
And I had a bag with me, and...
I started loading this bag up with peaches.
And these other kids, they just started gobbling.
And all they were doing was eating.
And all at once, I heard somebody hollering.
I seen a couple of people coming around.
A man and a woman coming running up there toward us.
And I jumped down out of this tree. It wasn't very big.
It started running.
Did you have your peaches with you?
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
Yeah, them kids didn't have any peaches with them.
Theirs was all in their belly.
All the ones they had.
Well, maybe you didn't have any peaches with them.
I shared what I had, and they ate and went along that way.
You can...
Where was the wagon?
They didn't have the wagon, nothing like that.
No.
It was quite fancy as well.
Well, as soon as we got off the woods before we were away from the people, we slowed down.
We kept walking on, and then we ate some peaches that I picked.
I kept those.
Did you take any home for Georgie?
No.
One time I was brought with some other kids picking walnuts.
We were hunting walnuts.
Black walnuts?
Wild walnuts.
We don't.
Black walnuts.
Well, they were in the company woods, and there were some trees.
We'd come to a fence, and boy, I looked across the fence, and it was all littered with walnuts
on the other side of the fence.
I said, look at the walnuts over there.
And I crawled through the sewer over.
The fence, and I was gathering them up, and the other kids, they wouldn't come over and
help me.
They wouldn't help themselves.
They were scared?
They said, you could pick there if you want.
He's a relative of yours.
He'd shoot us.
Who was it?
Joe Milligan.
I mean, my dad's cousin of some kind or another.
And, um, you know, I picked off all the water numbers actually.
He wouldn't know me from another.
If he was going to see somebody, he'd probably shot me.
No, he'd probably get warm, or he'd take them up himself.
How it all started about shooting, one time they found them.
There was two black guys.
There wasn't many black guys in that country, but the two black guys was up a cherry tree on
that place, on Joe Milligan's place.
Joe and his sister Mary lived on the place together.
Neither of them had married.
And this, uh, one was up in the tree and the other one was on the ground.
And the one up in the tree got shot and fell down out of the tree dead.
Who shot him?
That guy?
Joe Milligan?
Don't know.
Well, they investigated him.
It was one of us on the ground.
He didn't run and took off and got home and told about it.
And the law went up there and questioned them.
And Joe wasn't home at the time.
And, uh, and Mary was sick in bed.
And, uh, so neither of the law didn't do anything about him because Joe said he wasn't there.
And then Mary was sick in bed, and Mary was sick in bed.
Still wasn't nothing done about it.
But nobody would go on Joe Milligan's place after that.
Joe?
He conveniently went to home.
They just took his word that he was there.
Yes.
Yes.
What, who was the, uh, honeydifters around there?
Oh.
What's that?
Well, one year they had black people to clean all the company toilets.
So, they'd, uh, they had a load of, and Augusta told them they could dump it right in the pasture.
And they had a honeydifton wagon, and how it came out.
Is that what it's called?
Yeah.
That's a tank wagon.
All digging it out.
And they used long-handled dippers, like, to tip it out and dump it in this, uh, tank wagon.
And they had gone up to dump it, and, uh, it was pretty steep there, and they rolled the wagon.
They pulled it with horses.
And this, uh, this tank that was on the wagon, it, it rolled off the wagon when it was upset.
It rolled on against the tree, and, well, as soon as the company superintendent heard about it,
he sent my dad upstairs to help him get that wagon back and running order again.
And he went up there, and there was only one, one of the guy there.
And he said, where's the other fella?
He asked this black man.
He said, I don't know.
But if he's going, still going like he was when he left here, he's to Scotdale by now.
I don't know whether Scotdale's where he lived or not, but that was 16 miles away.
He probably scared.
What?
He was scared he was going to get in trouble for tipping it over?
Or was he just in...
It just scared him so bad when that thing rolled off and running and never did go back.
He was probably scared he was going to get killed for rolling it over.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Scared of getting...
Yeah, because it was allowed.
Well, my dad helped him get the tank back on the wagon and get back to business.
Yeah.
Didn't they dump in the creek some time?
Yeah, they used to.
Spot in the creek and got a dump.
They did.
Your dad loved dump on your place.
Oh, one time.
Yeah.
Did you just...
They'd go to several houses and then go dump on us?
One time he told them that they could dump it on our place.
But the year before that, though, he told them they could dump it.
No, he didn't tell them.
He didn't even ask.
Neighbors said they could dump it on our place.
Mick Booth.
Well, this morning, before he went to work, he wanted to go out and look at where they found it.
And he went over his shoes.
Oh, gross.
I think Dale told me about you telling this story when you were working on Paul's septic tank
and he was mad enough to kill two niggers and Dale's managers.
Yeah.
Oh, Nick.
Because he got a hold of me to kill me.
He was a big, uh, big Russian.
So it was on his, the neighbor's place.
No, that, yeah, that was on the neighbor's place.
And he dumped, didn't only dump his toilet on, on his garden.
But he took hours over there and dumped it on his garden, too.
Oh, dear.
Before that, he had an overbundance.
Uh, but, Paul told them that they could dump it down on our garden.
And it was, uh, quite hilly.
It was quite steep.
I suppose they could dump it in one place, but it would just spread itself.
Who got the job of stirring that up?
Or would you leave it and let it dry out?
He just left it there and then soaked it into the ground.
These cesspools, you know, they're like a seventies.
It's only just the neuter stuff.
Don't get spread, don't, uh, disintegrate.
Yeah, but that was on your garden.
Yeah.
So who got the good job of stirring it in?
Oh, we didn't do it right away.
It was supposed to sit in the wintertime.
They always do it in the winter.
Oh.
Uh, you didn't have a garden anyhow.
Oh, it, it didn't rich you guys?
I suppose it did.
Just what it needed.
Yeah.
Wonderful.
Fruit.
That's perfect.
Is that where your dad grew cucumbers?
Or is that in Indiana?
It was Indiana.
No.
Did you ever have any girlfriends when you were a teenager?
In Pennsylvania?
Well, not, not yet.
Were there any ones that you liked?
Yeah.
Okay, well tell us about some girlfriends you had.
Well, I didn't have them.
I just heard that they liked me.
Oh.
I was real shy.
You were?
Yeah.
Yeah, but I couldn't talk to them about it.
I sent them a thousand times.
Oh, you did?
Yeah.
Did you put your name on them?
Yeah.
You did?
Yeah.
So you'd go and pick them out in the store and stuff?
Basically.
Um.
Most of them, the second of them.
Where'd you get them?
I don't know.
Some of you didn't do it.
It was wrong.
Um.
Yeah.
There was.
Any.
Any.
Any.
Any.
Any.
Yeah.
So you'd go and pick them out in the store and stuff?
Any.
Any.
Uh.
Huffman.
Huffman.
Huffman.
Yeah.
She was a short-tail relative of the Reds.
Can't include them.
Yeah.
Uh.
She was a cousin of Reds, I guess.
Oh, wait a minute.
Her name.
She married a cousin of Reds.
Any.
Uh.
What was her name?
Boy.
Uh.
Oh, uh.
Ain't that awful.
Forget that.
Any.
Any.
Uh.
They'll forget about it.
Well, they'll tell us the story, anyway.
Anyhow, she was a nice girl.
Somebody, her cousin told me that she liked.
And how old were you?
I don't know.
Fifteen?
Ten.
Oh, ten.
Oh, ten.
So you.
Of course, I knew her then for years.
Uh.
Uh.
When the first was somebody that her cousin told me, her cousin come here.
It didn't.
Even his wife, he came here.
That was her cousin.
Yeah.
And so you sent her Valentine's Day.
And how old were you?
And how old were you?
Thirteen?
I don't know.
Thirteen?
Ten or something.
Oh, ten.
Oh, ten.
So you.
Of course, I knew her then for years.
Uh.
It didn't.
It wasn't his wife who came here.
That was her cousin.
Yeah.
And so you sent her Valentine's Day?
Oh.
And, uh, one Christmas I gave her a little Evershub pencil.
You know, when you put lead in.
It was only that long.
It had a ring on it.
You could hang around your neck.
Where'd you get it?
I got it from Georgia.
I bought it from Georgia.
Where'd Georgia get all his stuff?
In the hospital, people would give gifts all the time.
He'd brought a bunch of stuff home.
Oh.
Uh, so.
Huh.
Um.
Yeah.
I was too ashamed to give it to her.
You were?
Yeah.
I put it on her window, so.
At her house?
Yeah.
And the next day.
Well, how'd you?
What do you mean?
Now tell me about this.
Christmas Day, somebody looked out the window, and something on the windowsill, and went out
and got it, and there was a note there.
It was, I would say.
You put your name on?
Yeah.
How far away did she live from you?
Not that far.
So you'd snuck over there and done it, or you wouldn't have to sneak?
No, it was, they had some kind of program at the church that night before.
That, you know, that night that I put it there.
Huh.
And, uh, I, uh, I went to see her a lot of times.
You did?
Yeah.
And I was in Pennsylvania, and, uh, she got that pencil out and showed it to me.
She still had it?
Still had it.
I mean, years like now, you mean, recently.
She did, yeah.
Uh, huh.
So, after when you were up to see Sarah Jane or something?
No, uh, when you had lived in North Carolina?
I had gotten to see Bill.
Oh.
I lived in North Carolina at that time.
Huh.
Was she married then?
Yeah, yeah.
No, I knew her husband, and, you know, we were kids together.
Huh.
So tell more stories.
I could just listen to stories all day.
I knew all of her sisters, and she had two sisters, no brothers.
They were folks.
She just didn't wait for them until I grew up.
Was she older than you?
No, no.
She was older.
Huh.
42,000 years old.
Yeah, you shouldn't have gotten into it, I guess.
You could have come back and gotten married, and you couldn't have been sold when you went.
Uh, Elmer said she got married when she was only 16.
Hmm.
Well.
I'm going to hurry and get married.
Well, you didn't leave there until yourself.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, 16.
I don't know.
Well, how about that?
How come you guys left Pennsylvania then?
The depression was on, and, oops.
Ah.
And, uh, uh, my dad was only just about making enough to live, along with anything else we
could get, flowers, and dead relief flowers we could get people.
They didn't want to give it to us.
Why?
Uh, they, they figured Paul was working and he didn't need it.
And I held up the line, there was about 400 people behind me, hollering, saying, get on
with the line, go on, we want the flowers, and hollering, and I wouldn't let it go.
I stayed at an argument, and finally they'd give me a slip of paper to go get the flowers.
He made you go get in line for it?
Or he would work it?
Well, Paul never done it.
He wouldn't do it.
But he would tell you to go get it?
I would go do it.
Uh-huh.
How much would you get then?
Fifty pounds.
I don't know, every couple of weeks I guess.
Uh-huh.
So he didn't have steady work for them?
No, no he didn't.
And he'd only be working about a day a week.
Uh-huh.
And we were barely living, and uh, and then they had to pay eight dollars a month for the
house rent.
Uh-huh.
And uh, his boss said we could live in Minnesota, let's go over and back to the homestead.
Because he had paid taxes on all the time he had it, and so we'd start boxing up stuff and
shipping it to Minnesota.
We'd get it ready to ship to Minnesota and buy freight and stuff that we had, and other
stuff that we couldn't haul, and all we went with was the car.
I didn't believe in the trailer, she figured the trailer would pull the car to death.
So that's why you believed in the trailer's extra amount.
So we went to, uh, got ready to go to Minnesota, and oh, Fred Huffman went with us.
Frank.
I haven't seen him.
Fred Huffman.
Thank you.
We called him Red.
He wanted to go along, so I said, yeah, he could go along.
So we took off with a cat and a dog, and Frank, and Bill and I.
Bill went with us.
What about Georgie?
He was married.
Well, Georgie wanted to stay there because he figured the schools were better in Pennsylvania,
and he wanted to get an education.
So he made a deal with Sarah, my Aunt Sarah, Sarah King's mother, to, uh, stay with them and go to school.
And how old was he?
About 17?
Uh, 17?
Yes, 18.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Anyhow, uh, he stayed there with them, and we took off.
We just got ready to take off, and we had this cat in his bag to take it along.
What was the cat's name?
I don't know.
And I didn't have a string to tie the bag with, and I had this bag, and I was holding this bag,
and, uh, I laid the, oh, I laid the bag down.
I thought it'd be where I could find a string better.
It wasn't even fully day, uh, daylight.
And I laid this bag, this bag down, and I put a rock on me, and the dog went over there,
and sniffed away at this bag.
The cat was in it.
The cat tried to run away, and he rolled the rock off the bag, and the, under the house
it was.
The neighbor's house.
Well, I crawled under this house after the cat.
Kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty.
They must have thought I was crazy.
One of them, oh, it's called Cat Under a House.
They were still in bed, and the potty caught the cat, and we got it back out and put it in
the bag, and, and, uh, on the way, we did a, uh, part of the cat loose in the car, and we
thought it was just kind of mean to keep it, you know, in the side of the bag all the time.
Now, Lana, I mean, Laura was along, right?
No.
She wasn't?
She stayed there.
She was going to stay there until we got the homestead fixed up this floor.
Oh, I see.
What a relief.
I bet you enjoyed that trip kind of then.
Well, we finally got to Minnesota.
You know, there wasn't any tailpipe on that car.
We, we had just, they had just put a new muffler on it.
What kind of car was it?
Twenty-eight shins.
Two seater.
Uh, put a new muffler on it, and no tailpipe.
And the fumes would come up in there, in the back seat, so bad.
I'd be sick, I'd be sick every night.
I bet you about were dead.
I'd get to where I couldn't see.
Well, you probably got to fall every day.
Yeah.
With carbon monoxide.
Yeah.
And, uh, each night, it took four days.
Oh.
Get to Minnesota.
Each night, it would take until night to get me down.
And, uh.
Where was the rest of them riding?
Well, they didn't seem to get a sickest meeting.
Bill, Bill and Clarence didn't, we'd ride in the back seat.
Or Red, they'd take turns driving.
Uh, Bill and, mostly Bill and Paul, uh, Red would drive.
Paul was riding in the front seat all the time.
Front seat wasn't bad.
Well, Bill got changed off.
But Clarence didn't seem to get sick off.
Uh-huh.
Or didn't, not, he didn't get to where he couldn't see like I did.
He didn't get to where I was dressed.
He got him passing off.
Be careful.
And, uh, I'd throw off.
And, uh, well, we got over to Indiana the first night.
Uh-huh.
Funny how the people couldn't get any farther than he was named.
I don't understand.
The roads weren't as good in them days.
And then the cars didn't run as fast as the cars went down days.
They were driving about 40 miles an hour ago.
That wasn't too old a car.
Uh, first night was in Indiana and they got a tourist cabin.
It was still cold.
It was, uh, this was early in the spring.
And it had been raining.
It wasn't real cold, but it was raining and cold.
It felt cold.
And, uh, Bill and I, it was a stove in this first cabin.
And there was a pile of wood there.
And we got, we got over there in a wood pile.
And we got some wood, Bill and I did.
And we got a fire going.
And somebody had given some pork chops.
Pork of some kind of thing to fry.
And anyhow, by the time he was over there without no refrigeration or anything,
he didn't smell them.
Bill got a fire going good in that little old stove that was top on it.
And, uh, we put that pork in a skillet and poured it clean up with water and boiled it a while and then poured the water off.
And then dried it after that.
I guess you would see it disinfecting it or something.
It was edible.
Uh, I mean, we ate it.
And then we dried our stuff.
Because there wasn't room in the car for bedding and stuff and it did wet on the side of the car.
We had one of them little fence things to put on the running board to hold the things.
You might have seen pictures of them.
Old stuff on the outside.
Uh.
And that was on the one side of the car we had that.
The other side you couldn't have it because the doors wouldn't open.
And, uh, it had to dry up all the bedding and everything.
And we got everything dry and we slept all night.
I can sleep any place.
Uh, we, actually, I think, I don't know.
Let's see.
There was one night, I forgot where we were.
And one night we were at Elk River, Minnesota.
There was a tourist cabin right alongside of the river.
And that was pretty.
It was pretty, yeah.
Uh, at the town of Elk River.
We lived down in, uh, down in our city someplace.
And now we were used to in cities.
Anyhow, we, uh, stayed there that night.
Was on dirieg left.
The water can destroy the rains of the
Passiver body.
Okay, awesome.
Commander, you should, go.
Um, we had to wake up after room.
Let's do it.
Let's do it.
Really?
Come on.
With the twenties.
Oh, yeah.
Theens.
Well see that everyone.
Be asleep now.
Welcome back to him.
And now we were the King.
We?
What am I?
Going back out here?
I would never start.
Woo.
