And here come the guy that was in charge of the train, this troop train, he was a sergeant,
and he come and he says, oh that Penny Annie stuff, he says, why don't you play where you
just lay down the money and deal out the cards, and whoever got top cards, well I was
dealing at the time, so they had me deal. So I dealt them out to the guys, and poker hand, just deal out
of poker hand, yeah, showdown he called it, and I thought that looks kind of like fun, and there
would be half a dozen guys around the table, and just standing there, and I said, here, you deal with my
giving the cards to somebody else, and I got in it, a dollar a game, and I won a one-around, and I won
another women. That guy, the sergeant quit, and the rest of them quit. So we went back playing blackjack.
You made, what, twelve, fourteen dollars right then? Yeah. Nobody ever wanted your money? Did anybody ever say you were cheating?
No, there's no way of cheating blackjack. Hardly. Did anybody ever steal your money? No. And I'd put bills in my pocket and keep the change on the table.
When we got down to Texas, I felt pretty good about everything. I made money on the candy, and made money on the gambling, and one of the boys that had played with me all the time, he was a good boy, he was from Bidu, Minnesota.
So these were pretty young guys? Yeah, all of them was kids, but me, practically. Some of them was married. Yeah, I went in with young people, and this one boy from Bidu, I don't know his name now.
Back in Minnesota? Yeah. He said, he said, you must have won quite the money on this way down from Minnesota. And, oh, I said, and they saw him, and he says, you must have made quite a bit. You won thirty-five dollars from me.
Really? That's what he said. I was just taking him for his word on it. I don't know.
So you must have had quite a wad when you got there. Well, pretty good, because I paid off not just from that. As soon as we got in Texas, in basic training, we didn't have no laundry service, and we had to shine shoes.
I started shining shoes, and it kept me busy, shining everybody's shoes. For how much? Ten cents a pair. How long would it take to shine a pair? Well, a little while, especially if it was muddy, because I'd wash them first.
Where this camp was, it was clay, and when we'd go on hikes and stuff, boy, these boots would get muddy. And I'd shine the shoes, and I'd put everybody's shoes under the bed.
And they always paid up. Oh, yeah, everybody paid. They were glad some of them tipped me. But pretty soon, it wasn't long until they decided they didn't want no shining shoes. They went dubbing on them.
And they'd give us some kind of shoe grease to put on the shoes. And they said, we don't want nobody with shiny shoes. So they'd put this dubbing on them. Well, everybody had to dub their shoes after that. Well, then that put me out of work.
And then I started laundry, and then I started laundry, doing laundry for people. Because they were glad to have somebody wash their clothes. People got lazy. The government, the army did us this old yellow soap.
Where did you wash them?
But I'd buy soap powder, too, in a pail. And I'd buy the soap powder at the PX. It was cheap. Everything was cheap in the PX. It was a lot cheaper than buying it in the store otherwise.
The army made it cheap. Somehow or another, they took the profit out of it. And I'd put powder, throw a bar of soap in the water I had, and then I'd throw some powder.
Soap in the soap in, too. And I'd pull the soap back out of the bar after a while. And I'd wash the whiter clothes first. And there wasn't much white clothes. The socks and stuff was colored. And they had their own handkerchiefs or socks.
The other way weren't they?
No, they were drab.
No, they were drab.
Really?
Yeah.
They were that army?
All of drab, they called it.
Huh.
I didn't know that.
And, uh, I'd, uh, they're, uh, the summer clothes, uh, uniform was light, tan. And, uh, I'd, uh...
They had to wash their own uniform?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, uh, I'd, uh, I'd wash for people. I love it doing real well, washing. And...
How much would you make? How much would you charge?
Ten cents a pair for socks, ten cents for a handkerchief.
I...
And I'd carry good money.
I'd say I didn't like the job. I didn't like the job of the socks even. But, uh, that's
why, you know, you could, I think you could have bought them from the army cheaper.
And, uh, a quarter for a shirt and a quarter for a pair of pants.
Hmm.
And, uh...
Where'd you hang them?
There was clothes lined in the shirt?
I put up lines, I guess.
I must have had something to put a line on.
Maybe they had a line. I don't remember.
Hmm.
Anyhow, I washed clothes, and, uh, while I was in basic training,
I paid off the place, and the truck that Evelyn bought.
She bought a truck from Jim O'Brien. A lot of sentimental value in that truck.
Um...
Why?
Because she rode in it with Jim O'Brien.
She bought that truck, and too much money, and it was pretty well worn out.
And, uh, I paid for the place, and that truck.
So you'd send money home?
Yeah.
And she paid off with it?
I guess she did, because it's paid off.
And that's, that's one thing she did anyhow.
She was leaving me in debt there.
Well, it was all the serial Jim O'Brien, you know.
And, uh...
Oh, yeah. All she had to do was give him the money, right?
Yeah.
And, uh...
Yeah, they bought both of them.
Also, uh, Jim O'Brien...
Jim O'Brien wanted cigarettes.
He couldn't buy them in civilian life, you know.
They were rationed so bad.
You mean when you...
Like...
So you wouldn't buy them?
And he wanted them to supply his men at the camp with cigarettes.
They'd work for him more, more for him than somebody else if they could get cigarettes from him.
Oh, really?
So I, I bought cigarettes through the PX for Nicola Pack and, uh,
Send them to him.
How many would you send?
Oh, several cartons at a time.
I'd wrap them up and send them.
Are you allowed to do that?
No, not really.
Uh...
And, uh...
And he'd pay you?
I'd send him a fortune in cigarettes.
Not a fortune, but a lot of money.
How did he pay you?
He didn't.
What?
I'd just send them to him.
And, uh, I'd send him a fortune in cigarettes.
Not a fortune, but a lot of money.
How did he pay you?
He didn't.
What?
I'd just send them to him.
And, uh, I'd send them to him.
I'd send them to him.
She'd give them to Jim O'Brien.
And you didn't get no money?
No, no, no.
I figured, well, what that was costing didn't mean nothing, because it was for her, I figured.
And, uh, but it was for Jim O'Brien.
You know, that's the end of that cigarette business.
Oh.
Also, I sent her a good new field jacket.
I got it extra.
I turned in an old worn-out one and got a brand new one, and I sent it, uh,
sent it to her, and she gave it to Jim O'Brien.
And that bothered me.
When did she save it until you got back and used it?
I don't know.
Um, things like that that kind of bothered me.
She probably hasn't had enough of it before.
Well, that's enough of that.
Let's see, what else is there?
Okay, so tell them more about being in the Army.
So you're washing clothes and washing.
When did you ever go from there?
How long were you there?
For three months, there.
And, uh, when they—
What was it like during the day, and what did you eat and stuff?
Oh, it felt pretty good.
Uh, not a—not quite enough.
You always felt a little bit hungry.
But I guess that was okay, because you weren't losing any weight, to speak of.
And, uh, there was, uh, I noticed one time there was a baker.
Used to come at night to bake.
Several nights a week, he'd come.
I thought, I'm gonna make acquaintance with that fellow.
Here, I went in there one night and—
How would you just want to come and go?
Yeah.
And, uh, and I could smell the bacon.
You know him baking stuff?
He'd be making something extra, you know, for dessert night.
And, uh, I went in there and I said, uh, hey, do you need any help?
He says, nope, I'll be glad for your company.
I went in there and I—and I'd wash the stuff that he'd dirty up.
Because he had to leave the place clean when he was done.
Oh, so you wanted the pans?
I'd wash the pans and stuff up that he'd used to make the stuff with.
And I'd eat his wares that he was making.
He'd make delicious apple turnovers.
I remember them more than anything else.
And, uh, and then I'd drink milk and, uh, there.
And, uh, one night, uh, here come my—my cadre.
And they were the people that was over us during the day.
Come in there to get a lunch.
Get a snack, huh?
Yeah.
Boy, they looked at me and find—find me washing stuff up with him.
They thought—I guess they dreamed I'm not like it.
They wondered what I was doing there, but they didn't question me about it or anything,
because they—what were they doing there?
Getting a snack.
And, um, I'd, uh, different times I'd take fruit.
Oranges, you know, that we'd only get one now and then.
Otherwise, I'd take them back and store them and have them extra.
So this guy didn't care if you ate stuff?
Oh, no, no.
It was okay with him, whatever I wanted to do.
A real nice guy.
He didn't care?
Do you remember his name?
No.
Um.
The old guy?
No, he was young.
He was just a young guy.
Oh.
He is—he had gone to the cook and baker school.
Did he work in the Army?
That was his job, as cook and baker.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
The Army, that's all he did?
That would have been.
See, he was still training.
And, um, one time we went on a hike.
I like that.
Mine is a little old.
I'll feel bad.
And, um, we, uh, we had been going on dumb hikes.
Where they'd take us out and hike us fast, and, uh, carrying a pack, and, uh, this was all country where this camp was.
Oh, that's old.
And, uh, we, uh, uh, yeah, I'm sure of you.
Um.
We'd hike way down south of the camp, and then, uh, and then turn around and hike back to the camp.
How far was it?
It was a half-a-day hike.
Oh, wow.
So it'd be dinner by the time we'd get back there.
And, uh, I thought, boy, what a dumb thing to think about hiking down there and hiking back fast.
And, uh, so I'd jump out in the brush.
There was a mesquite all along the road, and I just watched a horse, but too many people wasn't looking.
And, uh, I'd just hop off into the trees, and...
Did people around you see you?
Oh, yeah, some of them knew it.
What would they do?
Oh, they didn't squawk at me.
And, uh, I'd, uh, have a book along with me, and I'd lay down out there, and this was summertime.
And, uh, I'd, uh, take a nap or a read, or a read-in, take a nap, and then when they'd come back,
there'd be different, different outfits who would be hiking along the road, see?
Some of them would be behind others.
Oh, I see.
Ones that weren't even here.
I'd watch for my own outfit coming back, and I'd step back in and back with them.
And what would the people around you think would just hop back in?
They'd never think I was going to the toilet.
I don't know.
I didn't make any excuses.
I didn't say anything.
Well...
You never got caught?
No.
How often would you do that?
I did it several times, a couple times, till one time I thought, oh, I'll just hike along
with them.
And it was sure good that I did, or otherwise I'd have been in trouble, because they went
on down there and went to over the infiltration course.
And you had to check in, I suppose?
Yeah, they had roll call, so that, boy, if I hadn't been there, you know, they'd have got me that time.
And it was just, just lucky that I decided to go along that time.
And, uh, I had some, no, I had some oranges with me, three oranges in my pack.
And when we were, when I got off that infiltration course, this infiltration course is a place where
you have to come up out of a ditch and climb over a hump, and then stay on your belly and
crawl across this, it was an open field.
And they had barbed wire angled up.
You had to crawl under it.
And they'd, uh, they'd have a big jumble of barbed wire all the way across.
And they, uh, they had machine guns shooting overs.
Real machine guns?
Yeah.
And I got part way over there, and I rolled over on my back, and was watching them tracers go over.
Where do you see them?
Tracer?
What's that?
Tracer bullets.
They have, leave a red streak behind them.
It's a hollow bullet with, uh, charge them.
So they would, wouldn't you hear how many get shot?
If they get shot, they usually want to look out.
Stay down.
You didn't use fake like you didn't know?
Sure, they'd use fake.
They'd use real live ammunition.
Sometimes a lot of people didn't know, and they'd find out maybe they'd run around.
Sometime I, I heard about a dog getting killed.
Come out there and they got shot.
Maybe they deliberately killed it.
Huh.
And, uh, somebody else, uh, wasn't without my outfit though, run onto a rattlesnake and reared
up and got shot.
Really?
Yeah.
And he got killed, you know, uh, from what I heard.
And, uh, unless it was a story.
Um, these, uh, tracers was going over, because I know I could have been laying on my back
and they wouldn't have been any higher than my hands.
They, they had it just over again.
And, uh, well anyhow, I got back off the, against the infiltration course, to my pack, near
them oranges.
And there I was thinking how good they would taste.
It was hot.
And I was dry.
By that time I didn't carry water.
I used to carry water, but I'd give it to a friend of mine.
Jim Bowers, I remember his name, from Steelton, Pennsylvania.
Um, he, he was a big fella that he drank as much water as God does, I guess.
He, he was, uh, he drank mine and his too, on a hike.
And I wouldn't drink any.
But boy, I was dry that day.
Somebody had stolen?
By the time I got back, somebody had stolen my oranges.
Must have been somebody that knew I had them or something.
I don't know.
In case I, why would anybody else?
Well, maybe somebody would go through packs to see what was in them.
Probably.
I don't know.
Anyhow, I missed them three oranges more than any, more than I missed any oranges any other
time in my life.
Hmm.
So you didn't find out who had them, huh?
No, I never did hear anything about them.
So then what else after that?
That's interesting.
Well, they finally, uh, got us.
Oh, when we first went in the army, I decided, you know, they talked about the army building
and, so I'd start out, um, I started out good.
You know, on, on these tests that they'd give you to see how much you, how much, how many
chin-ups you could do, how many, how many sit-ups?
How many did you have to do?
Yeah.
As many as you could.
Do you remember how many did you have to do?
No, I don't remember.
And, uh, so I started out good on all these tests.
Piggyback.
You carry somebody, your weight, and run with them.
See how fast, how long it took you to run a hundred yards.
And, um, different things like that.
Well, I started out good, and then the next time I didn't do so good, and then the next
time I didn't do as good, and the next time I didn't do as good, and finally toward the
last I couldn't even do a chin-up.
And you did that on purpose?
You were just pretending?
I'm sure that they could break down a man.
Did they get mad at you?
No, but they thought it was awful funny that I kept going downhill.
Did they say something about it?
Not very much, no.
Probably.
Well, after we finished our basic training, we, uh, oh, my mother come to see me once.
She did?
In basic training.
Yeah.
She, uh, she came out there, and it was a surprise.
Boy, they come and send a runner up from the orderly room and said that my mother was there.
Yeah.
How long did you do?
Hmm.
Uh, sooner, a couple, a couple years before that, I rode with Harry Denton and Walt Hamilton.
Harry was going to haul bees up for Walt Hamilton.
Uh, from Texas.
And they were, I guess they were alt bees.
And, uh, we had, uh, Walt knew that I'd like to go down and see my mother, because I hadn't seen her since I was a kid.
And she was living in Texas in, uh, uh, Grand Prairie.
And that's between Dallas and Fort Worth.
There was an airplane factory there, and her husband got a bill, got a, she called him Earl, got a job in this airplane factory.
And, uh, and she had a job, too, somewhere in, uh, in laundry or something in there.
And, uh, she, they were living there at Grand Prairie in a trailer, I guess.
Or, uh, some kind of place to, uh, I think it was in a, just a trailer.
Because they were, for people working, you know, that they could wreck them.
And, uh, I rode down there with them, on his, his semi, on the semi.
I rode all the way down there on the semi.
First, uh, Alfred, that's Harry Dutton's boy, he was back there with me.
And, uh, Harry had a, had some bedding back in there, and, uh, and a tarp.
And we made a place down in the semi.
Harry, they were gonna haul bee cages down there, uh, to make the trip pay going down.
We stopped at a place to get them bee cages.
And that was in Minnesota.
And, uh, put this, uh, bed, made, made a spot in between them, the bee cages, in the middle of the semi, for this bed.
And, uh, you had a mattress in there.
And, phew, that mattress had been wet on so many times by somebody.
Uh, and it got wet.
It was, it had rained, and was raining.
It got wet, and we had a tarp.
But somewhere or another, Alfred and I kicked that tarp off that, off the bed and off the truck.
We lost the tarp.
Maybe Wynn, too, took it.
And, uh, well, one night of that was all Alfred wanted.
And he rode in the, in the truck with the other, with Walt and Harry.
And I stayed out back there by myself.
Well, then, it got, um, before we, we got down to Beeville, Texas.
Oh, nearly there.
After, after it wasn't, when it wasn't sunny up on top, and when it wasn't warm,
I put that mattress up on top of the bee cages.
And, uh, and dried it off.
I put a rope across it so it couldn't blow off.
And, uh, and dried that thing up to where it didn't smell near as bad.
Having sun on it and dry.
And, uh, we got down there in, uh, Beeville was where they was going to get the bees.
We took them.
We took them, the cages cleaned through the valley.
Cleaned on down into the valley.
And, uh, delivered the cages.
And then went and picked up them, the bees at Beeville.
The other name of Adam had those bees.
And, uh, we, uh, picked up a semi-load of bees.
And that's where you saw your mom?
Oh, yeah.
We had stopped there on the way down.
And, uh, visited a little.
And your mother?
Yeah.
In Grand Prairie.
And, uh, yeah, that had been the first I'd seen her since she was, since I was a kid.
And, uh.
Eight years old?
Yeah, eight years old.
Well, then, uh, we went on.
We didn't stay there very long.
And we went on.
And we went on down and delivered them bee cages.
And, uh, and then back to Beeville and got these bees.
And then started back north again.
And I was still on the back on this mattress up on top of the load.
It was early in the spring.
And, uh, in the valley, the, um, Alt told us we could have some, uh, some grapefruit.
He had a tree that he hadn't, or maybe several trees.
He had them back in the grove to where people wouldn't see them.
Because they had to have their fruit all off the trees at a certain time of the year.
They couldn't, the law just said that.
Citrus association or something or another.
Anyhow, he said we could pick all the fruit we wanted.
So, hey, we, we got to load them up.
In, in bee boxes.
Because we had some bee boxes as well.
Empty bee boxes.
Loaded up about 10 bushel or so.
And had them down in the bottom of the semi.
So they stopped us going out of Texas that we wouldn't have any fruit.
They didn't let fruit go out of Texas.
And, uh, they had to have a stamp on it.
Wow.
And, uh, well, Florida's the same way.
And, uh, you've got to buy fruit through the packing company unless you raise it and have a certificate saying that you can take it out.
And, uh, you've got to have a certificate from the county commission or something.
Anyhow, we, uh, up on top of the semi going along.
I'd get dry and I thought, boy, that grapefruit would taste pretty good.
And I'd start moving boxes till we get down there to get out of the grapefruit.
I'd eat them grapefruit on the way back.
And, uh, not so often, any, but I ate quite a few of them.
Boy, they tasted good because they're real ripe.
They're always in the spring of the year.
And, uh, they, uh, we got back up to Minnesota and I didn't, and out of the kindness of his heart,
give me a box of them to take home.
Oh, and he didn't want people to know that I, oh, when we got back up to, toward, in Minnesota,
it got, it got to be chilly and cold and it was rainy and, uh, uh,
Harry, right on the back of the, uh, cab,
he had a thing that looked like a coffin.
Just something like, uh, Bob's got.
He had on the back of his car to sleep in.
Well, Harry had this for a sleeper.
It looked like a coffin.
And, and I, I'd sleep in that.
I'd lay in there.
I wouldn't always be asleep while he was going.
Until we got up to Lake of the Woods County and Harry stopped and said,
come on, get in the truck with us.
He didn't want people to know that I had rode all the way on the back.
I said, no, I'm all right.
I'm comfortable here.
There was bedding in there, you know, and it was comfortable.
And, uh, but he insisted I get in the truck with the rest of them.
They didn't have seat belt laws for every passenger.
But in them days, four of us in a cab.
And, uh, we get up to Harry's and Harry didn't spend that night.
We got up there in the evening to the fruit shack.
Fruit shack.
He wanted to unload them bees at the fruit shack.
Uh, so that the county could see that them bees was there at his bees, at his fruit shack.
He was getting offered on a deferment from the army for taking care of bees.
He's never done anything about the bees.
He did help load them when we load them up.
And, uh, but he didn't know nothing about bees, and Harry didn't either.
And they just, just long enough for the county to see that they were, bees was at his place.
And then they took them out again and put, distributed them where they were going to distribute them.
And, uh, he left, left us there at the fruit shack.
This fruit shack was a building that he had made just west of Greyston to store fruit in until he'd sell it.
And he was hauling fruit from Michigan up there and selling it.
Like apples?
Apples and peaches and cherries, mostly apples.
He'd hauled a lot of apples up.
And, uh, I don't think he made any big fortune on it because he had to bomb it off.
And, uh, he left Harry and I there, and he and Alfred went somewhere else.
Oh, I think he had the farm out there south of Greyston at that time, and he went out there where Ruby was.
He had some sheep at that time, Harry did.
And, uh, they lived out there in a little old shack on what's, uh, some place is that now.
And, uh, I forgot who's, who's the homestead now.
But it was Harry's before that.
There was Harry's homestead, I guess.
Way back in the time?
Yeah.
Well, anyhow, he and Alfred went down there for the night, and, uh, Walt and I was there, and we didn't have much to eat there.
And, uh, one time, a long time before that, Walt had sent a can of citrus honey to, to Harry from Texas.
See, Walt, Walt used to go to Texas quite a bit.
And, uh, he'd send this can of honey, uh, to Walt.
And I said, I wonder if there's any of that honey around here yet.
And we hunted around and found it.
Boy, was we gobbling this honey because we was hungry.
And, uh, maybe she wants some, or you want some.
And, uh, we gobbling a lot of that honey.
Well, then the next day, Harry took, took me back, and I guess he took Walt wherever he was going, and they delivered them bees.
I didn't help.
Oh, you're here.
You take that.
Or, or half of us.
Well, I'm cooking some more, then.
Well, okay, I'll eat while you talk, and then we'll make more from you.
Uh, and, um, you know, he took me back home, and, uh, that was, that was the end of that trip.
Well, you were telling how your mom came to visit her, aren't you?
Yeah, she came and, yeah, while I was in basic training, my mother come there, and she come as a surprise.
And, uh, I went down to the, uh, orderly room, and, and called about a place at, at, uh, visitor center.
They had a building there that they could, they'd rented rooms to people, to, uh, they'd come to visit people in the army, and, uh, it was a guest house.
And there, and there wasn't no room, so I went with her on the bus.
There was a bus run back and forth from the army base to, to Abilene.
I went with the bus, and went to town with her, and they couldn't get no hotel room.
Everything was full. So, she said, well, I'll, uh, she said, she'll sit in the waiting room all night.
So, she did. She stayed in the waiting room all night, all night, at the bus station.
But, couldn't you stay somewhere at the camp?
No, there wasn't no place to stay at the camp.
People would have thought it was funny if I told, shared a bed with her.
A single bed. There wasn't no empty beds, and they didn't allow women in there.
Oh, I know, but...
And, uh, well, I went back in the morning, and she was kind of exhausted.
This was on a weekend.
Uh, she come on a Friday night.
There was a rodeo in town the next day.
Or was it Sunday?
Seemed like she got a room the next night.
Yeah, the rodeo was on a Sunday.
I took her to the rodeo.
You know, we spent all day at that rodeo.
That was the rodeo that lasted all day.
And, I've never been to any other rodeos that lasted that long.
We got, both of us got real bad sunburned.
Sitting in the sun.
That was quite neat.
Then, uh, I got a furlough from there, and got to go home after basic training.
I went back up there, Minnesota, and...
How long had you been gone?
Three months?
Yeah.
More than that.
Yeah.
Uh...
Did they pay your money back?
Yeah.
Yeah, you got a...
You got a train...
Or bus...
You got a ticket.
Is that when you...
Yeah, it didn't cost anything to ride the rails or bus then, if you could go.
Is that when you took them that night?
No, that was after I had been to...
I went back to the Army.
Um...
Y'all went home, and...
I built a rack on the truck.
When he got...
When she bought that truck, she didn't get the rack with it.
It was just a stripped-down truck.
I built a rack on it.
While I was...
What'd she need a truck for?
While I was home.
She didn't.
She had an old car drive around in.
It probably wasn't as good as the car.
No, it wasn't an old car.
It was a pretty good car.
It was a...
Forty...
No, not a 41.
It was an old one.
I had bought a car out in North Dakota.
I had been out working in North Dakota.
This is a jumbled-up case.
I'm sorry.
Uh...
I had been working for some people out there.
And they got a new car.
Somehow or another, they bought a new car.
Or a different car.
Maybe it wasn't a new car.
Cars was rationed at that time.
And, uh...
They had this...
34 Chevy.
I guess it was a 34.
It seemed like a pretty good car.
I bought it from the people.
And drove it home.
And when I went to go to the army...
Yeah, this was after basic training.
And...
She had this...
Still had that car.
And she was going to take me back to the army.
And I...
Um...
She took me to World to get on the train.
And she didn't have a blanket along for the kids.
And it was in the winter.
And it was a car.
And...
Yeah...
It was cold.
I took my overcoat off.
And I...
Give her that.
Did you have a coat to take along?
It said...
Take this overcoat.
I'll be on the train.
I won't need it.
And...
So I went back to the army without an overcoat.
I knew I wouldn't get into any trouble about it.
Losing an overcoat.
And they gave you that one then?
Uh...
Yeah, when I went back...
This was...
Wait a minute.
I'm getting way ahead of the story.
This was after I had finished training and...
And was gonna go overseas.
And when I got back to the army, they'd give you all new clothes anyhow.
Oh.
And they didn't check the others to see how many had you had to turn you in.
They'd give us a whole outfit.
Where were they sending you?
And there we went to...
Camp Hell of Silver, no.
And...
Likewise...
Well...
But...
.
I was gone...
That got ahead of my story.
We were...
Um...
That was the...
Second furlough I had gone on.
That was in the middle of the winter.
Um...
First furlough I had after I finished basic training...
I had after I finished basic training I had just gone back to the army after
that and went to back to Camp Barclay again to wait till we was called to go
someplace else to a staging center to go overseas
oh I was back there in Tampa Barclay and it was in a different place than what we
had been then didn't have to look at that hole in the wall where that guy had
fallen through the wall didn't tell you about that one time we were we were get
taking judo and lessons and somebody told the judo instructor that I could take
you and why didn't fight no no I hadn't been frightened to speak of they just
wanted to see me try yes and here one night he come over there with some other
guys with him and they said somebody told me that you could take me and I said I
think I could so we we started wrestling and I backed him through he had a hold of
me from behind and I backed him through the barracks hit right between the studs and
it pushed that wall board on in and he fell in there on the floor and that was the end
of that he didn't he didn't decide to pursue it any farther and the next time we had a barrack inspection
I see one of the officers walked over there I had leaned that part that he had pushed off
the wall back up against the hole and he just took it and pulled it out it was shaped like a person and
and I he took it off and looked at the hole and smiled and leaned it back up again
he didn't ask what happened and you could see what happened somebody been through through the wall
do you know about it
that's not why somebody told him about it he looked like this
