yeah well I told her told this lady that how I had a truck the car on the truck and I didn't
want to drive the truck and I was hitchhiking town to get some things and record the birth
and she said I'm not have to take care of her my wife and she said if you'll bail hay yeah I'll pay
you for boiling bailing hay and I'll take care of your wife and kids well her name was more
Jackie Moore Jacqueline she she and her husband she was having to help bail hay and she didn't want to
he bailed custom bailing as well as his own so I said yeah I thought that was good
so she took me to town and I did the things I was going to get the stuff and record the birth and
then she took me back and I started bailing hay and this was before this was when they had wire ties
and you had to have two men from running and one one driving the tractor and the other and the two
others one on each side one fed the wires through and the other one tied them on the other side and
and so I I bailed hay with them for the rest of the time till he didn't have any more work
yeah stayed in this tourist cap and she'd give me a weekly rate then they did yeah it's just one room oh
oh I after the baby was born I washed up all the bedding and everything
uh because everything you know had to be washed
uh and uh she she took care of her and brought her meals to her and I'd go back there at night and
uh yeah I ate with them people well that lady must have worked herself hard hard more they were sure nice
people looking for the workers and they had two young girls and they they had taken our kids over to their
place and they'd had a Shetland pony and they'd ride the pony uh I bet the kids thought that was good
and uh well finished bailing hay and oh the last place we were there the kids had some baby coyotes
the last place the last place we bailed and uh haymaker she was in there we bailed hay for and uh
um they didn't have equipment to bail and uh they uh they they asked me if I wanted them coyotes I said
boy I'd be glad to have them but I couldn't on a thrift like that it wasn't business good business I could
have hauled them back to Minnesota and got poverty on them killed them for the poverty six dollars a piece
oh man uh uh by the time you got there though the kids would have been attacked so yeah anyhow uh uh
didn't you say going down the road with diapers flopping open yeah we do that this was after he was born
and we run our way again uh I don't know I don't remember how not too long after we was done bailing
well what month was Richard born in
don't remember uh what month it was even she says it was may anyhow uh uh
uh uh did that lady make some soap or something while you were there yes she had made some just
before and she told me about this you see and showed me the soap she had made that was nice though
she was a worker too and good people well anyhow after got done bailing she said would you uh paint my
kitchen kitchen so she had paint and i painted the kitchen and uh she she oh she told me she was
pregnant when she picked me up oh when i told her you know everyone had the baby she's not trying to
too that's probably why she didn't want to be on the field uh probably and uh she uh
she she said oh i'm going to take a nap she said the rest of her so she went in another room while
they're still painting and pretty soon she come out i thought she was going to go to rest oh i i'll just
visit with you while you're painting and so uh finished the painting and then she said would you
clean up the yard i said yeah yeah she wants the yard cleaned up and they had tin cans from the house
clean away out by a shed they originally they were thrown out for the shed but they kept getting closer to
the house the house the kids probably take the cans off in the trash i took his truck oh at night they did
when i'd go back to this tourist cabin she'd uh they'd say take the car and or take the truck
and uh one or the other i'd be driving back and forth with their outfit they trusted me with their
outfit well they lived on a farm out away from where the highway was i don't know how far it was and that's
all so far anyhow they were nice of them to let me use their outfits and uh
uh i took a truck and their kids their kids and my kids and we cleaned up that yard three truckloads of
trash on the truck it didn't have sides on us it was just a flatbed and so that you just pile pile in
the middle of it and take it and dump it into a washout and uh it took where they washed the range had washed
gully in a field and uh they put the cans in help fill the gully up huh they just rent in the place
they didn't own it maybe all them cans wasn't there to them well anyhow after we got cleaned the yard up
uh she they paid me for this and uh
then uh he said would you tear that barn down there was a barn that was falling down
and he wanted to tore down and he wanted to tore down he said yeah so i tore the barn down
and well then after the barn was tore down i guess he didn't have any more more
uh we got ready to go leave and he says bring that outfit over and fill it up with gas
so i went over there and he had a gas tank and uh i filled the truck in the car
and as the car was sitting on there i figured this would be he says you build them all up
and he says how much you get and i told him oh that ain't very much he says let's find something put
some more gas in you got any place to put another tank and i said yeah i could tie it up under
he found a tank and he says my brother had it for a airplane tank and he didn't need it anymore
and it was still just there so i tied that under and filled it up i don't remember but i had gas to
run long ways with with what he's giving yeah afterwards yeah i think for the host again
well we got back to minnesota and got up there the fifth of may hey since the may
did what that couldn't have been may get up there the fifth of may
that could be if you were bailing what time was when was he born maybe that's when he was born
it was the fifth of the month anyhow and there still wasn't mosquitoes and the first night that we got
back to minnesota the weather was nice i slept out on a cot outside
well i don't know
i guess i wanted to invite the end anyhow i slept on a cot outside and uh
uh then uh then um then then it's about that time oh i oh truck was in when we got back to minnesota
the new truck came to the garage that i had ordered a new truck
and uh oh that wasn't scary no no no a chevy truck or brand new chevy oh and uh well i went down to get
that truck
my back had been ballin and i went down to get the truck
uh spooner uh it used to be spooner now they call it east bidet uh across the river from bidet
uh id was a guy chevrolet dealer there and i had put an order in for a new truck as soon as i got it out of the arm
uh i had ordered one and uh they were coming slow to come in and the first one that came in i was i was
first on the list but they didn't give it to me i found this side afterwards
um and his excuse was that uh he was on the city board or something or another and they wanted it for
a city truck the first one so i didn't get the first one i got the next one and uh i went down there and i
lacked four hundred dollars of having enough money to pay for it cash and i went to
uh uh and i didn't want to trade the old truck in and uh i was going to use it in the woods so i
went over to the bank and i got a loan of four hundred dollars
that first month i was trying to cut pulp
that i thought back bothered me so bad and here in three days i needed uh payment on the truck
first month yeah supposed to pay so much a month forty four dollars a month i was supposed to pay
why so soon why so soon why so soon no no no no no no and uh i uh i finally got to where i could
saw down trees and in that month i paid made the payment i made that payment and the next month
i paid it off so i worked foolishly i thought it was not that fine you got to where i could work
good and work long hours and i paid it off the next month and uh yeah got some pulp on my own foot
what did jim o'brien think of his baby did he know he had a baby
well he should know and
eventually he adopted him is that why he had a crooked lawyer and boy was it a funny adoption
wasn't that you think that wasn't center down there you didn't want to marry or something or what
i mean yeah so she was still married to me did you ever offer to divorce her you never offered to pay
anything or nothing for help why should he pay for help yeah
get it get your milk for nothing why buy the cow um um
well the truck i never used a new one yeah i i built a shed and i put it in that shed and
uh left to stay there and uh used that own truck because it it hauled good loads and i didn't mind
driving in the woods for it i'd drive right out in the woods and pick the little wood up
uh made quite a bit of money that summer i uh i had signed up for that 5220 that was an adjustment
allowance that the government made to help soldiers get uh back in civilian life
uh they would get uh 20 dollars a week for
52 weeks
and you signed up for it once a month
well for that once that was two weeks
anyhow i i didn't uh i wouldn't sign up
on the times i would make the money when i'd sell pulp get money i didn't sign up that month
but you could still eventually get it right i'd skip
and i did that that's what uh
anderson told me anderson was the guy that got money he got the job for doing that
he always amounted a little more than his brother did
and uh
between that a hundred a month coming in from that and uh and then the pulpwood i was selling
i used to cut a car pulp this was with a bosom i'd cut a car pulp in six days
and then i'd load it out in two days so i never had to pay the merge i'd put a load
on the night before as soon as that car come in i'd take a load in there and put a load in it the
night before and then that wasn't counted how would you load it by hand on the car train car
load it by hand if it was a gondola i'd throw it in the gondola of a flat car you put up
holes on the end and load it on a flat flat car and i'd i'd put on 18 cores on in cars
uh four by four by eight it's eight feet long and it's four by four is the course and uh i'd uh
two days i would i would load it out the next two days i'd have it loaded out so i never had to pay
the merge on the car while i say what to murray that's uh if you have that car
you're only leave it two days for you you got to have it loaded up if you don't get it loaded
out that time you pay pay another day or another day or whatever it is it's there and uh i got
and uh
made pretty good money and still had the new truck sitting in the shed and
uh isley wanted to buy the truck and uh i said why don't you go buy another new one i can't get
another number and so i finally figured up everything i had in that truck
and said yeah i'll sell it so i sold it to him oh he wanted to go to florida and he wanted to
he he said i could go along with him free and uh that was on the deal so uh i had built a house on
the truck and i was thinking of going to oregon that winter and working that truck hauling lumber
and uh you know take the house off it after i get out there and just have the rack on it
haul lumber and uh work in the wind woods that way just hauling lumber from sawmills that was out in the
woods and they hired trucks to haul it and he was the man for that then most everybody didn't have
any truck you know you couldn't buy any truck
see i you had to wait and try one
well he wanted to i was the officer to do that so i
oh any time any chance that i got to travel i did i've never been to florida
and so did you take the kids with you and i went so how'd you decide evelyn was going to stay there
yeah she she was going to stay yeah but she moved out oh she had already
oh yeah she's moved out charged the big bill at the grocery store against me
why for
she figured i should be supporting her regardless and child support or something
anyhow you had kids i had told that she had a big bill when i got it back from the army and i went
and i let her go ahead and keep charging and funny i said i couldn't catch up with the bill here i was
paying paying paying on the bill and not catching up with it funny i told her told him no more credit
here i was beginning to get bills from credit she was still a charge of charging bill and i went in there
and told that guy i gordon clark i said i told you no credit what did you mean there's no credit
and i said i ain't paying i said you can get it from jim o'brien if you want to and well that's where
the food was going wasn't it was she cooking food no she she had she had filed for divorce and she asked
for a corner of that lot intact what thought oh i owned that lot where the ocast housing is now in williams
it's two acres and she wanted the corner of it and i said yeah she could have the corner of it and
she got a shack and her the check was already on on that corner you know how she was living in that
shack it was on the corner yeah her and richard and uh
oh yeah her mother was with her too no she didn't die jim o'brien got her to work taking care of his
wife and his wife died and and later she got a job she got a she got a job taking care of some
money and money and the debt her mother did wait i mean
her mother did
she worked there for a while and then she took care of her
she probably didn't i didn't die there that was she died i don't know where she died
i don't know where she did maybe she did anyhow i was in texas when her florida when she died
and when she got the divorce okay get back to gordon park well
anyhow quite a long sometime after i had told him that i wasn't going to pay it
i had a big pile of firewood in the yard it wasn't buzzed it was in still pulling in the yard and
i got i didn't have any use for it i was going to leave there
and i loaded that on the truck and i went in and i parked it away from his store where where he wouldn't
see that load of wood it was a big load
and i went in there to gordon's store and i said i got a load of wood on the truck
and i said uh you can have that for that bill if you want
and he he said what kind of wood is it and i said balmagillium balmagillium is forest wood in
minnesota was it mommy good no it was tops and butt you know where a butt was kind of bad i'd saw
it off and save it for wood not not because you couldn't sell the pulpit tops and butts of wood
uh poplar poplar no i'm afraid i can't use it i said that's your last chance and i went out
and i knew a woman that wanted a load of wood and i took it over to her place and showed her the wood
and oh i must be glad to have it i sold it for thirty dollars i think that's what the bill was thirty
seven dollars no no i wasn't going to give it to him i sold it for what that bill was what i had offered
to say and uh she was glad to get to wood and i was glad to sell it well anyhow well i give him his choice
so then you were getting ready to head to florida with the kids yeah how'd you guys come to agreement
that you were going to take care of the kids didn't really come to an agreement she way he
she had it fixed up in the divorce papers that she would have the kids during the summer and i would
have them during the winter and uh during summer vacation she had and uh is this um we didn't stick
to that and yeah you pretty much had them all the time you know where i made a dumb mistake when she got
when she asked for a uh corner of that lot uh she said a hundred feet
hundred square feet for a lot and what she meant was a hundred feet square
yeah that's a that's a great that's a grave lot and uh you know i told her about it afterwards
you know i just joked about it i said you just got a grave lot oh she went back to the attorney and
got it changed well i i turned it over to her i gave her a quick land deed to her the whole place
right no that last oh i sold that place to andy grayson afterwards the rest of it
i wonder when she told her
uh she probably sold it to andy grayson i don't know maybe she got as much out of it as i did the other
was this before or after that time um you were advising the town or something
told you were going to marry
no that time i didn't tell him to marry no was that before this uh i uh
one time
she she was planning on going to the camp well this was after richard was born yeah and i uh told her
that oh i went to town and i went to see jim o'brien and i told him that uh he said the devil said
she's going to go to camp with you
yeah i said are you going to take her down there or ain't you it's just it's your choice
and he said if you don't want me to i won't
you have a gun along yeah well why did you have a long pistol
oh oh and if if he had said if he said he was going to take her i was going to shoot him right
on the street in the way were you really yeah i'm glad that he said that he wasn't
i bet you must have been just about as your wit then
i would say a woman can drive a guy crazy i guess i was crazy
well anyhow i rode back out on the bicycle home
she evelyn went to worrying and laying and laying
wasn't coming i said he ain't coming he ain't coming she says no i told him not to
it she went out and got on a bicycle on the road to the camp 14 14 miles yeah and uh
oh yeah
i love this wonderful
wasn't he in all about ain't it wonderful to be loved that way
he didn't love her
we loved him
her thought she did
i don't know how old he was
no and um
i eventually moved to michigan about that time moved to michigan
then you came to florida that winter
so when she um took off on the bike
no that winter that winter is when i got
she did i got a divorce
and gladys wishby went to let me be a witness for her
she told her to talk about the bad guy and after i got that
divorce papers boy what a terrific man i was
oh man and what do you mean i met her met gladys in town
and i went over to her truck and she was sitting on the in her truck waiting for
heart to come back from somewhere and then he was around town
and i i let her read them papers
she said how bad you were yeah i said am i that kind of guy she said no she said you signed her
what kind of stuff did she say oh how i beat her and choked her
starved
and and i would go off as far away as texas
it's just unannounced that i didn't even say where i was going or anything
was she along with you when you went to texas
no one time i went to texas to see my mother
rode down there with harry danton and uh
walt hamilton oh yeah i told you that before
and you were married then yeah
but she was in good hands
one time if jimmel barnes was good hands she was in good hands
no she did jimmel barnes she cut his leg
why she cut his leg rather than his throat
he was after her and he was going to beat her
she had a knife she had the knife that big long butcher knife
she found out what kind of stuff
okay i don't know what i'm talking about
i don't know what kind of stuff she was running a poor house
no he was beating her up they were going to
and she cut his leg with his butcher knife and left
and
she got dora and ted to bring her down to michigan
who's dora and the kids because she had the kids there
dora was her cousin yeah wasn't she running
one sort of cat house out of the hotel i don't know with her sister
with her sister well she had a son of sister or something
what sister did she have a sister she didn't have a sister
she had she had um going up the hotel
choice was out there yeah no no i don't think so i can't do
somebody said that she was trying to get a choice
to get a choice
i don't know what it was
well joyce only stayed there one night
she found out what it was and she come to live with me
so what happened then somebody shipped her down to michigan to you
was nancy born yet
uh yeah nancy was about three years old i guess
did dora brought her down there and she stayed at our place
i was building the house then
this wasn't
up enough to live in
although i hadn't right when they come down there i wasn't living at the house
she had to have some place to stay
she asked if she could
so uh
the uh
old ted
he just stayed
long enough to be rid of her i guess
there was another guy with the letter there's another guy with him i thought she got a truck driver to bring her down
no it was just that with ted and daughter there was some other guy along with them
i don't know where they got him or anything he was from oregon i guess and uh
the door and ted knew it anyhow they come down they came down there and ted and evelyn and this guy took off
supposedly to go buy some meat to make soup or something
they got them
there
they were gone and gone and gone and gone
and dora and her kids and my kids was there
and
oh ted had come down to
i don't know where how they found out where i was working
work, where I was working. And he told me he'd brought the public house and the kids.
My kids were with me. They were with me. It was just Dora and her kids and Ted and that guy.
Well, then it got night and here they showed up back. They didn't even bring in an equal number.
They'd been out partying sometimes. Taking turns. Maybe. I don't know. I don't know.
What did that Dora think? Did she play into him?
No, she didn't. Maybe she was used to that or something. I don't know.
Well, anyhow, they left the next morning after that. They left. They were going to be going back to Oregon.
So Evelyn eventually got a place of her own, a lot over in...
But did one time you say that she got a ride with her truck driver or something?
But you took her back. You made up and decided you got a ride with her.
Oh, she, uh, this guy that they had with her, she was in love with her.
Yeah, she just met him.
Well, anyhow, one day here, Don had gone down to get the mail.
And the mail hadn't gone, you know, at the Boxes Road.
He had his letter in there and he figured out his letter and he opened it.
He wouldn't do that if he was older, but he was just a kid and he opened that letter.
And it was a letter that Evelyn had wrote to that guy.
I shouldn't be putting all this.
I've heard it all.
I'm not going to be in love.
I won't.
I've heard it all.
Don handed me the letter and I read it.
What is this?
Why I ask her?
Oh.
Does she imagine?
Met at Don.
Yeah.
Could have choked him.
And then she moved out into a trailer or something then, didn't she?
Yeah, she, uh, she got that lot over there on in Central Michigan.
Did she have babies or something, too?
Isn't that where you found her?
In the trailer or something?
Not a baby, but a parent.
Did she have babies?
Um, um, yeah, I bought her the trailer.
What did you buy her?
Uh, $800.
I bought that trailer for her.
And, uh, she was supposed to pay me back.
She was working.
Yeah.
She was working.
She had several jobs.
And it mostly was, she was working night at a restaurant.
A truck stop.
The other day.
Here come a guy.
All right.
It was the time Dentons come up there.
He'd come in the yard at night.
Evelyn wasn't there.
I don't know whether she was at work or wherever she was.
She wasn't there.
Yeah.
And he hollered.
Yeah.
When you were here.
He'd come driving in the yard at night.
And I didn't have no yard lights or any dark eyes.
And hollered, Evelyn!
Well, I walked out and started walking to that car.
And I said, who is this that's hollering for Evelyn?
He says, me and Chuck.
I mean, I'd heard of Chuck.
But that was all.
I never met him.
Were you one of her boyfriends?
I said, she's not here.
And then he drove away.
Dentons was there.
They had come up.
And that's the time that Joyce stayed there.
And that's the time I took her to Minnesota.
She wanted to go up there.
Who?
Chuck Joyce.
Yeah.
The kids and I took her up there.
Who was this Chuck guy?
This was really messed up.
It was just another boyfriend.
They thought she was up there while Evelyn was still running the whole thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
No, no, no.
Evelyn had gone back up there and was working, I guess.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She had gone back to Virginia.
Oh, that was the next time.
Yeah.
Yes.
She was still one of the, the motel, who was famous all over the country.
Oh.
When I was in high school.
Is there something to own it?
Noah.
Noah, famous person.
She was what?
She was all those types of girls.
That's about her.
Was she priest?
No.
Pretty is.
It's pretty good.
Well, I don't know.
Huh?
Huh?
Well.
Well, yeah, it was free, but you know.
Well, maybe it wasn't free, but.
Anyway.
We were putting a bunch of stuff, or rot on this table.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
It was pretty good.
Well, I don't know.
It was pretty good.
Well, I don't know.
It was pretty good.
Well, I don't know.
Well, I want to see how people let the fascination look.
Huh?
Well.
Well, yeah, it was free, but, you know.
Well, what else did you get done?
Maybe it wasn't free, but.
Yeah.
Maybe it wasn't free, but.
Anyway.
We were putting a bunch of stuff, or rot on this table.
Well.
Let's shut it off.
Well, you never did talk about when you went to Florida with the kids that winter with
Isolene, didn't you?
Something about buying Carol a coat or something.
Oh, she didn't have much clothes, was it?
Yeah.
And I took her into a store and told them to dress her up, so they dressed her up.
She looked fancy.
You had to be dressed and everything.
I just waited around until they got her all dressed up.
Was she proud of that?
She didn't.
She wasn't.
She was too young to go to school.
It was warm enough.
Oh, no.
It was warm enough.
The boys went to school.
Do you want to take a pill for your back?
Boy, now we're putting pills on the stage.
The boys went to six different schools that winter.
Oh, God.
First, I put them in a church school, in public church school.
And then the church school teacher, he thought he was overloaded with kids.
And he said, wouldn't it be better if I just put them in public school?
Well, at least I didn't have to pay for the public school, where I was paying for church school otherwise.
And then, when we left there, I had bought a truck in Orlando.
I had gone up to Orlando and bought a truck.
And Carol and I hitchhiked to Orlando.
What did I have to put them down on the coast?
Malabar.
Yeah.
And I bought a truck and I visited with some people.
The guy I was in the army with in France.
I visited with them there and I've seen them once or twice.
So called me here.
Oh, ah.
That's fine.
And that's how you did not run.
I got the risk of getting out of time.
These days, you go to me in the south of интересно.
Where did you pin your old school matto reten right now?
Where did you night?
There are no ruailleurs on the coast?
You've got the line that every few hours should happen.
After you have them put them in a town.
Thank you.
Thank you.
